

“who were building the wall. The laborers carried on their work with one hand supporting their load and one hand holding a weapon. All the builders had a sword belted to their side. The trumpeter stayed with me to sound the alarm.”
‭‭Nehemiah‬ ‭4‬:‭17‬-‭18‬ ‭NLT‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/116/neh.4.18.NLT


“During this time, none of us—not I, nor my relatives, nor my servants, nor the guards who were with me—ever took off our clothes. We carried our weapons with us at all times, even when we went for water.”
‭‭Nehemiah‬ ‭4‬:‭23‬ ‭NLT‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/116/neh.4.23.NLT


“Then I pressed further, “What you are doing is not right! Should you not walk in the fear of our God in order to avoid being mocked by enemy nations? I myself, as well as my brothers and my workers, have been lending the people money and grain, but now let us stop this business of charging interest.”
‭‭Nehemiah‬ ‭5‬:‭9‬-‭10‬ ‭NLT‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/116/neh.5.9-10.NLT

“I gave the responsibility of governing Jerusalem to my brother Hanani, along with Hananiah, the commander of the fortress, for he was a faithful man who feared God more than most.”
‭‭Nehemiah‬ ‭7‬:‭2‬ ‭NLT‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/116/neh.7.2.NLT

God help me fear and revere God so much that I can only obey and be faithful 
Whether you’re calling me here 
Or want me to move on to a different ministry 



Deity of Jesus 
Son of man 

Priority of Jesus

- ﻿﻿"Son, your sins are forgiven."
- ﻿﻿Which is easier: to say to this paralyzed man, 'Your sins are forgiven, or to say, 'Get up, take your mat and walk'?
- ﻿﻿Spiritual Restoration was the "first priority" of Jesus because it centers all healings, blessings and our lives.
- ﻿﻿Hebrews 12:1-Therefore, since we also have such a great cloud of witnesses surrounding us, let's rid ourselves of every obstacle and the sin which so easily entangles us, and let's run with endurance the race that is set before us,

Their Faith and Jesus

- ﻿﻿Hebrews 10:23-25
- ﻿﻿23 Let us hold unswervingly to the hope we profess, for he who promised is faithful. 24 And let us consider how we may spur one another on toward love and good deeds,25 not giving up meeting together, as some are in the habit of doing, but encouraging one another-and all the more as you see the Day approaching.


Their Faith and Jesus

- ﻿﻿Ecclesiastes 4
- ﻿﻿9 Two are better than one, because they have a good return for their labor: 10 If either of them falls down, one can help the other up. But pity anyone who falls and has no one to help them up. 11 Also, if two lie down together, they will keep warm. But how can one keep warm alone? 12 Though one may be overpowered, two can defend themselves.

A cord of three strands is not quickly broken.


Wow honestly praising the lord is essential thank you for the ppportunity to worship you in this way 
Even if I’m not the best and patterns sound all the same and boring 
I am grateful for my moms change of heart because she’s really dumb stopping me to marry someone 


Praying  for deliverance


Oh father God I pray this meetup goes well. 