## 🙏 Time With God

### Devos



### Prayer
*  **Gratitude:** *What am I thankful for today?
*   **Prayer For Others:** *Myself, Family, Friends, Work, Life Group


Spirit of Corruption

**The Discovery:** In 1929, archaeologists found the **Ugaritic Texts** (Ras Shamra) in Syria. These texts are written in a language almost identical to Hebrew and date back to the time of Moses.


don'tn know why my devos are always so bad and not consistent

job 5 romans 9
lol id idn't even finish reading nehemiah


i'm really stressed about moms taxes even though its probably like $1000 max
God give me strength and courage
making my money not my security
help me be generous and loving to the people around me
my life is literally so sad and lonely these people who don't unconditionally love me are my closest people in teh wordl yet i stilll try my best to love and serve them



Nehemiah famously tells the weeping people, _"The joy of the Lord is your strength"_ (8:10).


  
16"But they and our fathers acted presumptuously and stiffened their neck and did not obey your commandments.
i need to obey fr kayla is right i need to. flee


And because the **gracious hand of my God was on me**, the king granted my requests...
It suggests that God uses "secular" skills (cup-bearing, architecture, administration) as much as He uses "sacred" skills (priesthood) to accomplish His will.


## The Theology of "Corporate Repentance"

**The Passage (Nehemiah 1:6-7):**

> "I confess the sins we Israelites, **including myself and my father’s family**, have committed against you. We have acted very wickedly toward you."


**The Insight:** Theology teaches us that we aren't victims of our DNA or our upbringing. Like Nehemiah, we can stand up and say, _"My ancestors did this, and I have been doing it too, but today it stops."_ Confession is the first step toward **intergenerational healing**.
	Nehemiah has generational curses for real

> "Each of you should give what you have decided in your heart to give, not reluctantly or under compulsion, for **God loves a cheerful giver**."


if I gave 30k that would be 5% of the 600k budget 
i'd be 1/20th of the 200 whch is 10x more than someone else 


## The "Dill and Cumin" Trap (Micro-Obedience)

The Pharisees were so committed to the letter of the Law that they would literally take their spice jars, count out ten seeds of cumin, and set one aside for God.
	the jews 