## 🙏 Time With God

### Devos



### Prayer
*  **Gratitude:** *What am I thankful for today?
*   **Prayer For Others:** *Myself, Family, Friends, Work, Life Group


Reading of Tobith
reading about 200 BCE, basically a large fish heart and liver save their blindness and the husband killing demon did not succeed
Asmodeus -> Demon

- **Michael:** Named in the Book of Daniel, the Letter of Jude, and Revelation. He is the "Prince" and warrior.
    
- **Gabriel:** Named in Daniel and the Gospel of Luke. He is the "Messenger" who told Mary she would have Jesus.


**Theological View:** Others believe "The Seven Angels" is a way of saying "God’s power is perfectly distributed across the whole world." (In the Bible, the number 7 represents "perfection" or "completeness").

Comer, especially in his recent work, emphasizes that "the powers and principalities" mentioned in the Bible are real spiritual entities that influence human culture and individual hearts.


Judith
_Judith_ is about **Human Agency**.
she seduced the enemy king then cut off his head when he was drunk -> guess don't give into lust like that 
- **The "Irony":** A massive army was defeated not by a soldier, but by a "weak" widow.
    
- **The Message:** God works through the unexpected and the "lowly" to shame the proud.

**1 Maccabees** is a gritty, historical war movie.
This book is the reason we have **Hanukkah**. It covers about 40 years of history (175–134 BCE)

Victory in battle does not depend on the size of an army, but on strength that comes from Heaven."
Judas wins, eight day celebration after cleaning temple

In the Gospel of John (10:22), it says Jesus was in Jerusalem for the "Feast of Dedication." That is Hanukkah!

Every time a Roman soldier walked near the Temple, the Jews remembered the "Abomination" of the Greeks.

**Judas Maccabeus**.
- He was a "Hammer." He took a small group of rebels and beat a global superpower.

2 maccabes
**The Martyrdom of Eleazar** The Greeks try to force a 90-year-old scribe named Eleazar to eat pork.


why was i so upset at the way P Josh made me feel

i eman i feel like it was subtly manipulating tbh but then u can jsut call it making me lead to a conclusion that I should've gotten to at my own accord

like my family stuff i feel very guilty and selfish about being in ann arbor but at least for now i think taht's the best way to seperat emy finances and make suer my mental healht is stable with a loving church community
