## 🙏 Time With God

### Devos



### Prayer
*  **Gratitude:** *What am I thankful for today?
*   **Prayer For Others:** *Myself, Family, Friends, Work, Life Group


1 Corinthians 6: 9-10
Or do you not know that wrongdoers will not inherit the kingdom of God?
Do not be deceived: Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor men who have sex with men nor thieves nor teh greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kigmdom  of God


Galations 5:19
The acts of the flesh are obvious sexual immorality impurity and debauchery
idolatry and witchcraft
hatred
discord
jealousfy
fits of rage
selfish ambition
dissensions, factions, and envy
drunkenness orgies and the like
I wan you as I did before, that those who live like thsi will not inherit the kingdom of God

The fruit of the spirit is love, joy peace forberance, kindness goodness, faithfullness, gentleness and self control 


So i say walk by the spirit and you will not gratify the desires of the flesh
For the flesh desires what is contrary to the spirit, adn the spirit waht is contrary to the flesh


Ephesians 5

Nor should theere be obscentity, foolish talk, or coarse joking
which are out of place
but rather thanksigving

For this you can be sure
No immoral impure or greedy person 
such a person is an idolater 
has any inheritanace in the kingdom of Christ and of God

Let no one deceive you with empty words
because of such things God's wrath comes on those who are disobedient. Therefore do not be partners with them

8 For you were once darkness, but now you are light in the Lord. Live as children of light 9 (for the fruit of the light consists in all goodness, righteousness and truth) 10 and find out what pleases the Lord. 11 Have nothing to do with the fruitless deeds of darkness, but rather expose them. 12 It is shameful even to mention what the disobedient do in secret. 13 But everything exposed by the light becomes visible—and everything that is illuminated becomes a light.


**Revelation 21:8**"But the cowardly, the unbelieving, the vile, the murderers, the **sexually immoral**... their place will be in the fiery lake of burning sulfur."

- **1 John 1:6:** "If we claim to have fellowship with him and yet **walk in the darkness**, we **lie** and do not live out the truth."
    
- **1 John 2:4:** "Whoever says, 'I know him,' but does not do what he commands is a **liar**, and the truth is not in that person."
    
- **1 John 4:20:** "Whoever claims to love God yet hates a brother or sister is a **liar**. For whoever does not love their brother and sister, whom they have seen, cannot love God, whom they have not seen."

5 This is the message we have heard from him and declare to you: God is light; in him there is no darkness at all. 6 If we claim to have fellowship with him and yet walk in the darkness, we lie and do not live out the truth. 7 But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship with one another, and the blood of Jesus, his Son, purifies us from all sin

8 If we claim to be without sin, we deceive ourselves and the truth is not in us. 9 If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness. 10 If we claim we have not sinned, we make him out to be a liar and his word is not in us.

I confess my sin and i praise you for your forgiveness
i hope to remove the unrighetousness adn lust out of my life 




https://waterbrookmultnomah.com/wp-content/uploads/pdf/LIVENOLIES_SneakPeek.pdf
^. Live no lies
^
Data intensive applications
https://unidel.edu.ng/focelibrary/books/Designing%20Data-Intensive%20Applications%20The%20Big%20Ideas%20Behind%20Reliable,%20Scalable,%20and%20Maintainable%20Systems%20by%20Martin%20Kleppmann%20(z-lib.org).pdf




I want to pray macro prayers for our undergrad commuinty
that we can seek God faithfully
and that you can transform us 
and really lead us tinto your love

i pray for Bo that one day he will be a desciplemaker

I pray for Vincen talso that he also will one day be a descipelmarker


1 thessaloians 3:10
0 Night and day we pray most earnestly that we may see you again and supply what is lacking in your faith.

8 First, I thank my God through Jesus Christ for all of you, because your faith is being reported all over the world. 9 God, whom I serve in my spirit in preaching the gospel of his Son, is my witness how constantly I remember you 10 in my prayers at all times; and I pray that now at last by God’s will the way may be opened for me to come to you.

11 I long to see you so that I may impart to you some spiritual gift to make you strong— 12 that is, that you and I may be mutually encouraged by each other’s faith. 13 I do not want you to be unaware, brothers and sisters that I planned many times to come to you (but have been prevented from doing so until now) in order that I might have a harvest among you, just as I have had among the other Gentiles.



wow this makes me relaly want to pray 
for ping pong people




Love -> habit of devotion 
-> continue to serve protect and show for them

Remmeber birthday
-> I need some way to remember all my friends birthadys 