## 🙏 Time With God

### Devos



### Prayer
*  **Gratitude:** *What am I thankful for today?
*   **Prayer For Others:** *Myself, Family, Friends, Work, Life Group



GOd I"m praying for this call with karina and for my mom


I'm going to be financnilaly suppporting my mom
for a whole another 3 years
cuz of her absolute retarded lavish spending

and i'm going to have so much resentment for her existence
but then i guess once i get the inheritance, although its a nother problem
its ultimately worth it 
and i'll appreciate my mom a lot for it
Although
I really need prayer and guidance for this


and i need to set up trust lawyer



God i just pray for my own heart
let me get some more insights 


**Matthew 6:31-33:** "So do not worry, saying, ‘What shall we eat?’ or ‘What shall we drink?’ or ‘What shall we wear?’ ... your heavenly Father knows that you need them. But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well."

-> I have not sought his kingdom today with my lust 
i repent
i'm actually in this cycle of lust
and its so bad
idk maybe its time to be accountable
if i knew GOd was watching or my add was watching i feel like i wouldn't do taht 



- **Philippians 4:19:** "And my God will meet all your needs according to the riches of his glory in Christ Jesus."
	- -> I should not aim to store up earthly riches, rather if i make an impact on this world it should be out of love and care for 


**Matthew 11:28-30:** "Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you and learn from me... for my yoke is easy and my burden is light."


**Galatians 6:9:** "Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up."
-> We will reap a harvest if we do not give up
God give me grace and forgiveness
For you have shown me so much grace
and honestly in the grand scheme of things, i'm providing for her, yet also fixing her entire situation 


**2 Thessalonians 3:10:** "For even when we were with you, we gave you this rule: 'The one who is unwilling to work shall not eat.'"
> **Note:** This is a tough verse, but it’s a reminder that you aren't biblically required to sustain someone else's idleness at the expense of your own peace.



**Proverbs 19:19:** "A hot-tempered person must pay the penalty; if you rescue them, you will have to do it again."

> This highlights the cycle of enabling: if we keep removing the consequences of others' choices, we become trapped in a loop of rescuing them.


**[How to Say No and Gain Respect](https://google.com/search?q=How+to+Say+No+and+Gain+Respect:+A+Biblical+Guide+to+Setting+Boundaries+and+Living+with+Purpose&prds=catalogid%3A18150260951452905097%2Cgpcid%3A13835315201654570634%2CheadlineOfferDocid%3A14273429463616358836%2Cmid%3A576462848803982834%2Cproductid%3A16464210397743089853%2Cpvo%3A38%2Cpvt%3Ahg&ibp=oshop&pvo=38&opi=103135050&gl=US&hl=en&noiga=1)** by Rod Lindemann: Written by a pastor who experienced burnout, this provides a **biblical basis** for trading the "tyranny of yes" for a life of purpose.


**[Setting Boundaries with Your Adult Children](https://google.com/search?q=Setting+Boundaries+with+Your+Adult+Children:+Six+Steps+to+Hope+and+Healing+for+Struggling+Parents&prds=catalogid%3A4878587391828821114%2Cgpcid%3A16710545221318345349%2CheadlineOfferDocid%3A9025003445352996056%2Cmid%3A576462227315189296%2Cproductid%3A2371278873036347345%2Cpvo%3A38%2Cpvt%3Ahg&ibp=oshop&pvo=38&opi=103135050&gl=US&hl=en&noiga=1)** by Allison Bottke: This book introduces the **S.A.N.I.T.Y.** program, which explicitly tells parents to **stop the flow of money** and stop enabling destructive behavior. It is designed for those whose adult children are "lingering" or ungrateful.



- **[Boundaries](https://google.com/search?q=Boundaries:+When+to+Say+Yes,+How+to+Say+No,+to+Take+Control+of+Your+Life&prds=catalogid%3A2401857776811535021%2Cgpcid%3A6051855272993754072%2CheadlineOfferDocid%3A10942435523128549268%2Cmid%3A576462300356570516%2Cproductid%3A4060021962122281266%2Cpvo%3A38%2Cpvt%3Ahg&ibp=oshop&pvo=38&opi=103135050&gl=US&hl=en&noiga=1)** by Dr. Henry Cloud and Dr. John Townsend: This is the essential resource for understanding that **boundaries are a "property line"** for your soul. It explains that you are responsible _to_ others (to love them), but not responsible _for_ them (for their choices or happiness).
    
- **[Boundaries for Your Soul](https://google.com/search?q=Boundaries+for+Your+Soul:+How+to+Turn+Your+Overwhelming+Thoughts+and+Feelings+Into+Your+Greatest+Allies&prds=catalogid%3A15596973048092278949%2Cgpcid%3A17599884765142786660%2CheadlineOfferDocid%3A4988881705242044438%2Cmid%3A576462303522435238%2Cproductid%3A7749791192495603132%2Cpvo%3A38%2Cpvt%3Ahg&ibp=oshop&pvo=38&opi=103135050&gl=US&hl=en&noiga=1)** by Alison Cook and Kimberly Miller: This book focuses on the **internal emotional landscape**, helping you move from a place of overwhelming guilt and anxiety to a place of confidence and peace.

karina reccomended radical candor


#### The staff engineer's path

https://api.pageplace.de/preview/DT0400.9781098118709_A49444966/preview-9781098118709_A49444966.pdf




### PRayer

praying for daniel from table tennis to come to easter
praying that i can invite henry also
and alex cai
and hoenstly even soham maybe? 
or Jack 
Got help me look more outward
and just really try to bring people to you lord

even though i have a thorn in my flesh somehow -> God i'm so lost wihtout u



What do I daydream about? What is my greatest nightmare? Where do I spend my money most effortlessly?


You cannot just "empty" your heart. To get rid of a counterfeit god, you must see the beauty and sufficiency of the real God. Keller points to the "joy of the gospel" as the only thing powerful enough to break the grip of an idol.