## 🙏 Time With God

### Devos



### Prayer
*  **Gratitude:** *What am I thankful for today?
*   **Prayer For Others:** *Myself, Family, Friends, Work, Life Group


john 1
6 “I baptize with[[e](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%201&version=NIV#fen-NIV-26071e "See footnote e")] water,” John replied, “but among you stands one you do not know. 27 He is the one who comes after me, the straps of whose sandals I am not worthy to untie.”

 “Look, the Lamb of God, who takes away the sin of the world!
 “I saw the Spirit come down from heaven as a dove and remain on him. 33 And I myself did not know him, but the one who sent me to baptize with water told me, ‘The man on whom you see the Spirit come down and remain is the one who will baptize with the Holy Spirit.’ 34 I have seen and I testify that this is God’s Chosen One.”[[f](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%201&version=NIV#fen-NIV-26079f "See footnote f")]
Spirit came down as a dove


- **Conviction:** Pointing out "sin, righteousness, and judgment" to humanity.
    
- **Regeneration:** The process of "spiritual rebirth" or the transformation of a person’s inner nature.
    
- **Sanctification:** The ongoing work of making a person more holy or "Christ-like" over time.
    
- **Inspiration:** The belief that the Spirit guided the authors of the Bible (2 Peter 1:21).
    
- **Intercession:** Helping believers pray when they don't have the words (Romans 8:26).



Fruit of the spirit and gifts of the spirit

**Ruach HaKodesh**. However, the Jewish understanding is very different:

- **A Force, Not a Person:** In Judaism, the Holy Spirit is viewed as a divine force, an influence, or the "voice of God" acting in the world. It is a way to describe how God communicates with prophets.
    
- **Part of God:** It is not a separate "person" or a distinct entity. It is simply God’s power in action—much like your "breath" is a part of you, not a separate person living inside you.

**Pneumatomachi** (which literally means "Spirit-Fighters").
- They argued that the Holy Spirit was just a "ministering spirit" or a high-ranking angel—essentially a **servant** of God, but not God Himself.

crazy marthin luther hated zwingi (Swedish) about bad theology about the eucharist 