## 🙏 Time With God

### Devos



### Prayer
*  **Gratitude:** *What am I thankful for today?
*   **Prayer For Others:** *Myself, Family, Friends, Work, Life Group



Chapter 1 alongsider

Bull's-eye. Our target, or bulls-eye, is the New Testament picture of a disciple. 

R. The R is for relationships. A relationship with God flows over into authentic relationships with others. 

2D. There’s always an open Bible between an alongsider and someone they’re discipling. Around this Bible, discovery and discussion happens. 

3A. describes application, accountability, and affirmation, three simple steps for life transformation.


Disciples walk across the street, befriend a neighbor, serve him or her, and start faith conversations

The word amateur comes from the Latin word meaning “lover.” Amateurs are not people who necessarily lack skill or training; amateurs can often be highly skilled. They do what they do not for pay but out of the sheer love and joy of it



Jesus does something wonderful. He invites us, in our weakness and inexperience, to be His helpers in the Great Commission. He recruits ministry amateurs to come alongside friends to model behaviors—how to love God, build friendships, read the Bible, tell stories, ask questions—and encourage application. We can call these amateurs alongsider


When we minister as alongsiders, we earn the right to intentionally become involved in people’s lives. Alongsiders partner with the Holy Spirit, helping others wholeheartedly follow Jesus in all of life. We purposefully do this in simple, life-to-life ways: loving one another, reading the Bible, telling stories, 

telling stories?

asking questions, encouraging application, and living on mission.


This was life-to-life discipleship—two friends meeting over an open Bible, sharing their lives together, and helping one another follow Jesus.


### **1 Thessalonians 2:7**

> "Instead, we were like young children among you, **just as a nursing mother cares for her little children.**"

### **1 Thessalonians 2:8**

> "We loved you so much that we were delighted to share with you **not only the gospel of God but our lives as well.**"

### **1 Thessalonians 2:11-12**

> "For you know that we dealt with each of you **as a father deals with his own children**, encouraging, comforting and urging you to live lives worthy of God, who calls you into his kingdom and glory."


two-way (discovery and discussion)


• Vision: Do I have a picture, or vision, for discipleship? 
• Intentionality: Do I want to become more Christlike? 
• Means: Do I have the tools, practical helps, and training for spiritual maturity?


i want to preface, harvests' mission is very specifically to transform lost peoples into discipleship -> making more desciples as a desciple of Christ is a final step 

I actually think we don't really ever specifically mention what descipleship should look like, besides in actual descipleship relationships and hopefully we trust that these descipleship relations turn people into making more desciples



ALIVE – Abide in Christ, Live by Faith, Imitate Jesus, Value the Kingdom, and Equipped to Make Disciples.


did you guys ever think about LG as a platform for descipleship 



This is my feedback on apprentice TC 

1. I think I really appreciate being able to give in put on it 
2. overall I think I understand if it is implemented, but probably lean towards not loving it
3. I think my main concern is that there are so many things, ATC, Core, LCG, discipleship relationships. It seems like this would  be attempted to be heavily resourced but then might fall flat: I already think this year, which didn't have ATC, it was difficult to accomplish everything per say. (Like we haven't mentioned LCG in months, nor Core this semester at TC) Actually my bigger concern is that I think only one or the other should exist, Core or ATC. I think Core was essentially supposed to fulfill ATC but ATC has the benefit that it's very explicit in what is expected. 
4. I also think the concept of ATC makes it feel like TC is the pinnacle of where you should be, like if your faith is anything remotely mature you should be in ATC. I can share more about this but I think Core should just be done better/more resourced and explicit that it's to train disciple makers[which is the ultimate goal of LG and our church anyways] (and obviously TC is a very formalized platform of descipleship). So my ideal framework would be LG (usually more evangelism, hopefully some extension, and personal faith growth ex surrender trust, prayer daily devotion) -> Core (training to be disciple of christ and reproduce in the life group context) -> TC (obv do bible study, evangelize, disciple in LG/ out of LG, train future leaders in Core )
5. once again i understand if ATC is implemented because it might fit the specific lack of leaders in this specific year, but ya know long term I don't love the idea that there has to be a pipeline ATC to TC because of above stated reasons. At times, first year TC kind of feel like ATC in the sense that we're in 3 person Leadership teams and relatively have less responsibility and autonomy anyways so that just really feels like a lot of layers of hierachy (LG -> Core-> ATC-> First year -> Lead lead )