---
date: "2026-01-08"
type: daily_journal
mood:
devotion_duration:
workout_type:
---

## 🙏 Time With God

### Devos

wow justin not being able to go makes me feel a little better to be honest which is so bad
God give me wisdom that only oyu have

God, i don't know if his problems are greater than mine or he feels such immense suffering for his own life and he keeps saying he wants to die
and i'm being selfish and enjoying life
the problem is a homosexual relationship is not even gonna make him happy, and 2) his happiness is not whats the point of life 


2 chronicles 24, 25 revelations 11 and 12

**Athaliah** ruled the land after she tried to kill her own grandchildren to take power. However, one baby, **Joash**, was hidden away in the Temple by his aunt and uncle (the high priest Jehoiada).

The mockers (Hebrew lesim) prove it is not mental capacity but attitude that determines
whether we become wise or foolish.10 At the root of mockers’ character is a  high pride that hates submitting to anyone (21:24)
	Lord, help me to avoid the world’s shortcuts to looking wise—

the cynical air, the inside joke, the sighs and feigned sadness about how

stupid everyone is. Let me despise no one and respect everyone, even if I

correcting them.


My soul is in deep anguish. How long, LORD, how long? 4 Turn, LORD, and deliver me; save me because of your unfailing love. 5 Among the dead no one proclaims your name. Who praises you from the grave? 6 I am worn out from my groaning. All night long I flood my bed with weeping and drench my couch with tears. 7 My eyes grow weak with sorrow; they fail because of all my foes. 8 Away from me, all you who do evil, for the LORD has heard my weeping. 9 The LORD has heard my cry for mercy; the LORD accepts my prayer. 10 All my enemies will be overwhelmed with shame and anguish; they will turn back and suddenly be put to shame.

The Lord accepts my prayer

(the Hebrew chesedh, the steadfast love of a covenant God who cares for us not because we are perfect but because he is)
Chesedh, he is perfect I am not


Amaziah was twenty-five years old when he became king, and he reigned in Jerusalem twenty-nine years. His mother’s name was Jehoaddan; she was from Jerusalem. 2 He did what was right in the eyes of the Lord, but not wholeheartedly.

Even if you go and fight courageously in battle, God will overthrow you before the enemy, for God has the power to help or to overthrow
	I hope God is on my side for career whether promo or system design or leetcode

  
7 But a man of God came to him and said, “Your Majesty, these troops from Israel must not march with you, for the Lord is not with Israel—not with any of the people of Ephraim. 8 Even if you go and fight courageously in battle, God will overthrow you before the enemy, for God has the power to help or to overthrow.” 9 Amaziah asked the man of God, “But what about the hundred talents I paid for these Israelite troops?” The man of God replied, “The Lord can give you much more than that.

	The Lord can give me much more than a new job that pays more 
		isn't hubspto teh best job because not only is it flexible, but I can work hard and get rewarded or i can not work hard and its chill?

15 The seventh angel sounded his trumpet, and there were loud voices in heaven, which said: “The kingdom of the world has become the kingdom of our Lord and of his Messiah, and he will reign for ever and ever.”

  

[The New International Version](https://ref.ly/res/LLS:NIV2011/2024-03-22T14:15:08Z/5382403?len=223) (Grand Rapids, MI: Zondervan, 2011), Re 11:15.