---
date: "2026-01-07"
type: daily_journal
mood:
devotion_duration:
workout_type:
---

## 🙏 Time With God

### Devos

Context:

As a church, we are going through our “Deep Work” sermon series, focusing on actually spending time to go deeper with Christ. This past sunday, PPete preached a general overview of the sermon series but one of the key points he said was regarding our attention. We want to wrestle with attention a little bit tonight.
Passage (ESV):

4 From Mount Hor they set out by the way to the Red Sea, to go around the land of Edom. And the people became impatient on the way. 5 And the people spoke against God and against Moses, “Why have you brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? For there is no food and no water, and we loathe this worthless food.” 6 Then the Lord sent fiery serpents among the people, and they bit the people, so that many people of Israel died. 7 And the people came to Moses and said, “We have sinned, for we have spoken against the Lord and against you. Pray to the Lord, that he take away the serpents from us.” So Moses prayed for the people. 8 And the Lord said to Moses, “Make a fiery serpent and set it on a pole, and everyone who is bitten, when he sees it, shall live.” 9 So Moses made a bronze serpent and set it on a pole. And if a serpent bit anyone, he would look at the bronze serpent and live. 


Jesus: Though he was sinless, the Bible says Jesus "became a curse for us" (Galatians 3:13) and that God "made him who had no sin to be sin for us" (2 Corinthians 5:21)

• Therefore, any "suffering" a believer goes through is never a payment for sin; it is either a natural consequence of a bad choice or loving discipline to help them grow


Reflect:

1. During the final Life Group of 1st sem (Dec 3rd), we discussed of how our God is a jealous God. He longs for relationship with us but often times we are distracted with other things in life. God calls us to be students and to be faithful to our studies so we should not neglect our studies, but it cannot become an idol and fully take our attention away from God.  Take some time to think back to last semester and think of what you juggled your attention between (God, school, clubs, friends, internship, family, health etc.)

  My sadness
  My brothers situation 
  Lack of family and meaning and purpose 
  
  
Bronze is associated with judgement because it is made with fire -> so serpent that is sin that has been judged 

Lord sorry if I call it punishment  even though its discipline 


2. Even without the distraction of school, we often times find other things to distract ourselves. Think back to how you engaged with God/developed your relationship with him over this break. What were some distractions that made it hard to engage with God a lot over break?

I was not bad after I came back for sure 
Property hustle can be a distraction 
Kayla can be a distraction 
Love for money can be a distraction 
Do I even want money that badly -> i don’t even know I’m not like bank account churning or anything 




3. If even when distractions (school) are removed, we still have to wrestle hard with keeping our attention on God, then this clearly points to something deeper in all of our hearts. What do we truly want in life? As you look towards this upcoming semester, what do you want/hope for?

It seems like I truly want meaning, using my time purposefully 

I want people to love and care for me 

I guess I don’t want status for others, but validation for myself

I don’t think my mom deserves early retirement at all she messed her situation so bad with dads money in 4 years 

People want comfort and stability, I guess I just want meaning that I’m not getting here, don’t think dennis saw right through it but I think he knows I don’t really care about missions enough to go for myself if it was for others it could be considered a bad reason 


4. We have an opportunity this year. Student life is the “easiest” time to commit time to developing our relationship with God; to have our lives transformed by the truth of his Gospel and grace. Do we want this? If we want life transformation, to grow closer to Christ, we need to commit to give God our attention. We cannot be distracted and distant. What disciplines and practices can you adopt that can help you keep your eyes on God, even when the snakes come during the semester?   (accountability, set time in calendar, committing to our LG and our church, bible reading, seeking discipleship etc…)

I got disciplines 
I got pjosh discipleship 
I got serving church. And commuting and being present here 

No accountability 

Bible verse memorization is probs the biggest one where if I cared more I would memorize 

And read God has a name or some other book 

### Prayer

Grateful for an amazing flexible job
grateful for the opportunity to work remote and be with kayla
although tis hard with her sometimes
she's really with me through it all 
and idk if that's like a loyalty that i really can not get else where 

praying for my life group members

lord i am so grateful for you
and the life you've given me

idk if chasing one mroe level is worth it
help me have perspective
that money isn't everything

but at the same time
i love building
and logic
and you've gifted me thsi life

i could've been a hard workign uber driver or a doctor or a table tennis player
but either way 
you gave me this specific life and i hope that it's your purpose and calling for me


## ✍️ Quick Reflections & Other Notes

Marcus Meditatinos

View things from "above." See human life as a tiny speck in the vastness of time and space to shrink your problems.



_Memento Mori_ (Remember you will die). He uses the shortness of life as a reason to be a good person _now_, not later.**Dealing with Others**He famously wrote: "The people I deal with today will be meddling, ungrateful, arrogant..." He argues we must tolerate them because they are our "kin" in reason.**The Obstacle is the Way**He believed that whatever stands in your way can be turned into an opportunity to practice a virtue (like patience or resourcefulness).


My failure is redirecction

**“Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God. And the peace of God… will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.”**  
— Philippians 4:6–7

a new role, even if it's not a big company i mean can grow a lot to be honest 
and at least i'm building something i care about 
help me build my brand and career
**“My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.”**  
— 2 Corinthians 12:9
	i am weak becasuse i am not present hoarding my money not generous unloving and only grinding my career, i'm pivoting because i know at least if i grind i will be rewarded
	but at hubspot i have to wait

**“Finally, be strong in the Lord and in the strength of his might.”**  
— Ephesians 6:10
	the lord is strong
	i am not
	i can lift
	but he can move mountains lol
	**“Be strong and courageous… for the Lord your God is with you wherever you go.”**  
— Joshua 1:9
**“And if it is evil in your eyes to serve the Lord, choose this day whom you will serve… But as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.”**  
— **Book of Joshua 24:15**



READ Psalm 5:7–12. 7 But I, by your great love, can come into your house; in reverence I bow down toward your holy temple. 8 Lead me, LORD, in your righteousness because of my enemies—make your way straight before me. 9 Not a word from their mouth can be trusted; their heart is filled with malice. Their throat is an open grave; with their tongues they tell lies. 10 Declare them guilty, O God! Let their intrigues be their downfall. Banish them for their many sins, for they have rebelled against you. 11 But let all who take refuge in you be glad; let them ever sing for joy. Spread your protection over them, that those who love your name may rejoice in you. 12 Surely, LORD, you bless the righteous; you surround them with your favor as with a shield. 

I'm not perfectly righteous to be honest, but what he did to me was clearly dirty 

PRAYING FOR PROTECTION. David’s psalms often speak of enemies. Ancient kings were always in danger of people trying to kill them. We may have fewer enemies intent on physical violence, but there are many forces in the world that can ruin us economically, emotionally, physically, and spiritually. We must do what David did. He asks God to spread his protection over him. He is sure God will do this because he looks toward his temple, the place where sins are atoned for. Christians do the same when they remember the One who claimed to be the final temple (John 2:20–21), the ultimate sacrifice, and the conclusive proof of God’s great love for us. 

Prayer: Righteous Lord, I ask for protection from all the hostile forces around me. But when I get indignant about evil in others, I remember my own sin, and that I can come near you only by your grace. How I need to hate wrongdoing and yet not become angry and begin to feel superior to others! Keep me safe, but keep me humbled. Amen.

God protects me from all hostile forces 
i am sinful aslo 

But the ultimate foolishness is to make anything the center of our lives besides God. That
will always lead to disappointment and breakdown.
	I feel like just because no one else will care I didn't get in doesn't mean I shouldn't care