---
date: "2026-01-01"
type: daily_journal
mood:
devotion_duration:
workout_type:
---

## 🙏 Time With God

### Devos

going to read tim kellers songs of jesus 

psalms 
psalms were not simply read, but sung, they penetrated the minds and imaginations of the people as only music can do. They so saturated the heart and imagination of the average person that when Jesus entered Jerusalem it was only natural that the crowd would spontaneously greet him by reciting a line from a psalm

Psalms anticipate and train you for every possible spiritual, social, and emotional condition—they show you what the dangers are, what you should keep in mind, what your attitude should be, how to talk to God about it, and how to get from God the help you need.

“They put their undeviating understanding of the greatness of the Lord alongside our situations, so that we may have a due sense of the correct proportion of things.”

Adore—What did you learn about God for which you could praise or thank him? Admit—What did you learn about yourself for which you could repent? Aspire—What did you learn about life that you could aspire to, ask for, and act on?

1 Blessed is the one who does not walk in step with the wicked or stand in the way that sinners take or sit in the company of mockers, 2 but whose delight is in the law of the LORD, and who meditates on his law day and night. 3 That person is like a tree planted by streams of water, which yields its fruit in season and whose leaf does not wither—whatever they do prospers. 4 Not so the wicked! They are like chaff that the wind blows away. 5 Therefore the wicked will not stand in the judgment, nor sinners in the assembly of the righteous. 6 For the LORD watches over the way of the righteous, but the way of the wicked leads to destruction. 

THE NOURISHING WORD. Psalm 1 is the gateway to the rest of the psalms. The “law” is all Scripture, to “meditate” is to think out its implications for all life, and to “delight” in it means not merely to comply but to love what God commands. Christians have their attitude toward God changed from one of duty to free, loving self-giving because of what Jesus did for us on the cross. So to know how to meditate on and delight in the Bible is the secret to a relationship with God and to life itself. Views contrary to God’s Word are no anchor in time of need. God’s Word gives us the resilience of a tree with a source of living water that will never dry up. Prayer: Lord of the Word, don’t let me be seduced by the world—either naively going with the crowd or becoming a hardened cynic. Help me meditate on your Word to the point of delight. Give me stability and contentment regardless of the circumstances. How I need that! Amen.

Proverbs as poetry
as a puzzle
as part of the whole bible


W h at I s W i sd om?

January 1

The proverbs of Solomon son of David, king of Israel . . . for understanding proverbs and

parables, the sayings and riddles of the wise. (1:1,6)

WHAT IS A PROVERB? A proverb (Hebrew masal) is a poetic, terse, vivid,
thought-provoking saying that conveys a world of truth in a few words.

Modern people do not have a category for proverbs. They are neither
absolute commands nor promises, and often they are partial. That is, they
need to be put beside other proverbs on the same subject to get the full
picture. They are observations about how life works. The point of a
proverb, then, is to get rightly related to reality through hard thinking and
sustained reflection. A proverb is like hard candy: If you just bite down on
it, you get little out of it and may even get a broken tooth. Instead you must
meditate on it until the sweetness of insight comes.

Wisdom is not only for “deep thinkers.” It is how you get through daily
life. It helps you know what to do when your child comes home from
school with a black eye, or when you suddenly come into unexpected
money, or when you lose your job. What do you do that won’t make things
worse? Our wisdom will guide us as we grow in the knowledge and image
of his Son, Jesus, who is Wisdom itself.

In what area of life do you most need to grow in wisdom?P rayer: Lord, I’d prefer if you would simply tell me what to do through
some inner voice or some book of specific rules for every situation. Instead
I hear you calling me to grow into a wise person who discerns what to do.
Help me to answer that call, and give me understanding. Amen.


give me understanding if i shoudl grind the job and what to do with life insurance and trust 

Because you relied on the king of Aram and not on the Lord your God, the army of the king of Aram has escaped from your hand
	am i relying on God or work and money as my security?
  
9 For the eyes of the Lord range throughout the earth to strengthen those whose hearts are fully committed to him. You have done a foolish thing, and from now on you will be at war

  

[The New International Version](https://ref.ly/res/LLS:NIV2011/2024-03-22T14:15:08Z/2844190?len=187) (Grand Rapids, MI: Zondervan, 2011), 2 Ch 16:9.