---
date: "2026-01-19"
type: daily_journal
mood:
devotion_duration:
workout_type:
---

## 🙏 Time With God

### Devos
10 Those who know your name trust in you, for you, LORD, have never forsaken those who seek you. 

you have never firesaken those who seek you

11 Sing the praises of the LORD, enthroned in Zion; proclaim among the nations what he has done. 12 For he who avenges blood remembers; he does not ignore the cries of the afflicted. THANKS. This psalm helps us toward the spiritual health of a thankful heart. We must discern God’s “wonderful deeds” in our lives, a phrase that can refer to dramatic miracles like the parting of the Red Sea. However, we must also learn to see the more subtle ways God comforts us just when we were ready to give up, or brings the right friend or book or line of thinking into our lives just when we needed it. Recognize and tell of God’s daily, wonderful deeds, 

Gods wonderful deeds

and you will have a note of grateful joy as the background music to your life. Prayer: O Lord, you never forsake the troubled and the afflicted. When I think of your innumerable mercies to me, small and large, I can only cry. . . . What thanks I owe you, and what love! Help me to see the ways you support and guide me every day, so that I will always find new reasons to thank you. Amen.

READ Psalm 9:13–20. 13 LORD, see how my enemies persecute me! 

Have mercy and lift me up from the gates of death, 14 that I may declare your praises in the gates of Daughter Zion, and there rejoice in your salvation. 15 The nations have fallen into the pit they have dug; their feet are caught in the net they have hidden. 16 The LORD is known by his acts of justice; the wicked are ensnared by the work of their hands. 17 The wicked go down to the realm of the dead, all the nations that forget God. 18 But God will never forget the needy; the hope of the afflicted will never perish. 19 Arise, LORD, do not let mortals triumph; let the nations be judged in your presence. 20 Strike them with terror, LORD; let the nations know they are only mortal. NEVER FORGET. This psalm moves suddenly from thanksgiving to a cry for help amid suffering. Life is like that. But David grabs hold of a truth that keeps him from sinking. The core sin is to forget that God is God and that we are not. 
God is God i am not

And this is justice—those who forget God will be forgotten, but those who remember God will be remembered forever (Isaiah 56:5). Christians know of one who remembered God yet was completely forsaken (Matthew 27:46). But because Jesus died in our place, we can be even surer than David that God will always be there for us. Prayer: Lord, so many of my problems stem from not remembering you. I forget your wisdom and so I worry. I forget your grace and so I get complacent. I forget your mercy and so I get resentful of others. Help me remember who you are every moment of the day. Amen.

READ Psalm 10:1–11. 1 Why, LORD, do you stand far off? Why do you hide yourself in times of trouble? 2 In his arrogance the wicked man hunts down the weak, who are caught in the schemes he devises. 3 He boasts about the cravings of his heart; he blesses the greedy and reviles the LORD. 4 In his pride the wicked man does not seek him; in all his thoughts there is no room for God. 

help my thoughts have u lord

5 His ways are always prosperous; your laws are rejected by him; he sneers at all his enemies. 6 He says to himself, “Nothing will ever shake me.” He swears, “No one will ever do me harm.” 7 His mouth is full of lies and threats; trouble and evil are under his tongue. 8 He lies in wait near the villages; from ambush he murders the innocent. His eyes watch in secret for his victims; 9 like a lion in cover he lies in wait. He lies in wait to catch the helpless; he catches the helpless and drags them off in his net. 

10 His victims are crushed, they collapse; they fall under his strength. 11 He says to himself, “God will never notice; he covers his face and never sees.” PAINFUL REALITY. Augustine taught there were two “cities” or ways to live in society—one based on self-giving and one on self-serving. To worship the desires of the heart (verse 3) leads to habits of self-expression and self-assertion rather than sacrificial love. It is this way of life that appears to be ascendant in the world, with a God who seems to be far away and doing nothing about it (verse 1). 

wow i don't want to be self-serving
my life here in Ann Arbor is probs the best it gets with the people that are still here 

I don't want our life group coming out of ODF Feeling like nothing happened or that God did not speak 

i'll be the first to admit that i am so broken and sinful, there are days when I'm just so uncontent with life here and I try to make work the source of meaning, i try to make the amount of money i make a solution to my insecurities, i deal with sexual sin and the burden of my broken family 

when all fades away, what do any earthly riches or comfort or stability matter when we come face to face with the Glory of God in his heavenly throne 

God knows your heart, your time and your resources
if you're building your own kingdom instead of his then wahts the point 





The psalm describes this situation in painful detail, as a way of keeping us from even subtly going along with this manner of living. Like the psalmist, we need to resist it in prayer and in our daily life. Prayer: Lord, keep me from being either naive about human evil, self-righteous about it, or cynical before it. Don’t let me ever get used to injustice or, worse, become complicit in it. 

Let me not be complicit about my sin I don't even know how it happened she was just nice to em in the morning

I lsot to henry in table tennis which was really annoying 

That takes constant vigilance and reflection about how I am living. Keep me loving what you love and hating what you hate. Amen.

READ Psalm 10:12–18. 12 Arise, LORD! Lift up your hand, O God. Do not forget the helpless. 13 Why does the wicked man revile God? Why does he say to himself, “He won’t call me to account”? 14 But you, God, see the trouble of the afflicted; you consider their grief and take it in hand. The victims commit themselves to you; you are the helper of the fatherless.

You are the helper of the fatherless

15 Break the arm of the wicked man; call the evildoer to account for his wickedness that would not otherwise be found out. 16 The LORD is King for ever and ever; the nations will perish from his land. 

if we don't believe the bible can transofrm our lives then I don't think we truly believe in Jesus resurrection, the power of God 


17 You, LORD, hear the desire of the afflicted; you encourage them, and you listen to their cry, 18 defending the fatherless and the oppressed, so that mere earthly mortals will never again strike terror. ENCOURAGEMENT. This second half of the psalm shows us a man who never gets the “why?” questions answered (verse 13) yet who trusts God completely. While the day of justice may be still in the future, the promise of encouragement is in the present, if we look to him. How can we trust him now if we still see oppression reigning? Christians know he so loves the helpless (verse 12), grief-stricken (verse 14), and oppressed (verse 18) that he literally became one of them and “by oppression and judgment he was taken away” (Isaiah 53:3–8). So commit yourself to him. Prayer: Lord, the world is filled with so many tragedies and injustices! I wish I knew the “why” behind so many things. But despite appearances and what I see from my extremely limited vantage point, you have never wronged anyone. 

God is never wronged anyone 
Help me trust your wisdom and give my heart the encouragement and strength that only you can give. Amen.

Help me trust your wisdom and give my heart the encouragement and strength only you can give 

READ Psalm 11. 1 In the LORD I take refuge. How then can you say to me: “Flee like a bird to your mountain. 2 For look, the wicked bend their bows; they set their arrows against the strings to shoot from the shadows at the upright in heart. 3 When the foundations are being destroyed, what can the righteous do?” 4 The LORD is in his holy temple; the LORD is on his heavenly throne. He observes everyone on earth; his eyes examine them. 5 The LORD examines the righteous, but the wicked, those who love violence, he hates with a passion. 

Sad the lord who hates those who love violence 

6 On the wicked he will rain fiery coals and burning sulfur; a scorching wind will be their lot. 7 For the LORD is righteous, he loves justice; the upright will see his face. DON’T DESPAIR. When life crumbles, the desire to run away and hide in despair is strong. David counters this impulse with three insights: theological—God is still on his throne and will execute justice in his wise time (verse 4); practical—crises are really tests, opportunities to evaluate what is true and solid and what is flimsy and should be discarded (verses 4–5); and spiritual—what we really need is the knowledge of God’s presence and face (verse 7). Only love makes you interested in gazing on someone’s face. Pray until God and his love become more real to you. Then you won’t run scared. Prayer: Lord, people are saying, “It’s over; just give up.” But I won’t panic—or should I say, “Lord, help me to not panic”? I know you are on your throne—but my heart doesn’t feel that—so speak to my heart. Let me love you enough not to be scared. Amen.

give me more loveeee



Jan 18 and 19
January 18 READ Psalm 12. 1 Help, LORD, for no one is faithful anymore; those who are loyal have vanished from the human race. 2 Everyone lies to their neighbor; they flatter with their lips but harbor deception in their hearts. 3 May the LORD silence all flattering lips and every boastful tongue— 4 those who say, “By our tongues we will prevail; our own lips will defend us—who is lord over us?” 5 “Because the poor are plundered and the needy groan, I will now arise,” says the LORD. “I will protect them from those who malign them.” 6 And the words of the LORD are flawless, like silver purified in a crucible, like gold refined seven times. 7 You, LORD, will keep the needy safe and will protect us forever from the wicked, 8 who freely strut about when what is vile is honored by the human race. THE POWER OF WORDS. Perhaps it has never been truer than now that “what is vile is honored by the human race.” Christians need God’s protection from lies, slander, and deception, because words have enormous power not only to distort and wound but also to overthrow a whole culture (verses 3–5, 7–8; cf. James 3:1–11). The great danger is to respond in kind. Instead we must model our words on God’s—true and well crafted (verse 6). Our job is to trust in God’s protection and to copy the actions of our Master and Savior, Jesus, who when he was reviled did not revile. We give glory to God when we suffer without hatred and retaliation. Prayer: Lord, I am surrounded by people whose words are either fawning and flattering or malicious and stinging. Don’t let me imitate them. Make my words honest and true, economical and few, wise and well chosen, calm and kind. 
make my words honest and true plz 
Give me so much love and grace that this kind of conversation comes naturally to me. Amen.



January 19 READ Psalm 13. 1 How long, LORD? Will you forget me forever? How long will you hide your face from me? 2 How long must I wrestle with my thoughts and day after day have sorrow in my heart? How long will my enemy triumph over me? 3 Look on me and answer, LORD my God. Give light to my eyes, or I will sleep in death, 4 and my enemy will say, “I have overcome him,” and my foes will rejoice when I fall. 5 But I trust in your unfailing love; my heart rejoices in your salvation. 6 I will sing the LORD’s praise, for he has been good to me. 

I trust in your unfailing love

HONESTY. David is in agony and can’t feel the presence of God. He cries out that God has ignored his pain and his sorrow. It is almost a howl, and the fact that it is included in the Bible tells us that God wants to hear our genuine feelings, even if they are anger at him. David never stops praying, however, and that is the key. As long as we howl toward God and remember his salvation by grace (verse 5), we will end at a place of peace. If Christians do that by hearing Jesus praying verses 1–4 on the cross, losing the Father’s face as he paid for our sins, we will be able to pray verses 5–6 indeed. Prayer: “‘Tempest-tossed soul, be still; my promised grace receive’; ’Tis Jesus speaks—I must, I will, I can, I do believe.”11 Lord, this reminds me that believing the promise of your presence in my suffering takes time, and grows slowly, through stages in prayer. So I will pray until my heart rejoices in you. Amen.


|**Old Mindset**|**New Mindset**|
|---|---|
|"My job makes me valuable."|"I am valuable, so I bring value to this job."|
|"I need to do big things to matter."|"I matter, so I do small things with big love."|
|"I'm stuck in Ann Arbor."|"I am planted in Ann Arbor for this season."|

**The "Third Cord":** If you removed the physical attraction and the convenience of having someone to eat dinner with in Ann Arbor, is there a shared spiritual mission? Do you push each other to be more like Christ, or do you just distract each other from being bored?
	she's helpign em be accountable for real yeah i think 
	praying and fasting 

Man’s chief end is to **glorify God**, and to **enjoy Him** forever."




2 Chronciles 36
Revelations 22


Ezra 1
Acts 1

Ezra 2 
Act 2


### Prayer

prayer church wide 
spiritual breakthroughs and deeper growth during the fast

prayer for tanya oral surgery and hernia 

pray for kevin to believe 

pray for kayla for depe marriage with Jesus 
and her life group
and her fast with vegetables 
and ftuure job and calling , whtehr its bio startup or staying in ann arbor 