---
date: "2026-01-17"
type: daily_journal
mood:
devotion_duration:
workout_type:
---

## 🙏 Time With God

### Devos

2 chronicles 35 
revelations 19-21
Josiah’s staggering generosity (30,000 lambs and goats) reflects a heart fully surrendered to God. It highlights the principle that true worship involves sacrifice and is facilitated by the leadership’s commitment to the spiritual well-being of the people.

Necho’s words were "from the mouth of God" (v. 22). This provides a sharp lesson: **God’s truth can come from unexpected or even pagan sources**, and spiritual discernment requires listening for God's voice beyond traditional channels.

But the beast was captured, and with it the false prophet who had performed the signs  on its behalf. With these signs he had deluded  those who had received the mark of the beast and worshiped its image. The two of them were thrown alive into the fiery lake of burning sulfur.

bound him for a thousand years.[s](https://app.logos.com/books/LLS%3ANIV2011/references/bible%2Bniv.87.20.1?tile=left&zzls=2eMKcwp3CkUFPwoQwEMKFw7%2FCimnCsicJwohGw5bDtMKGGBM3Gw9yNMOGFBjCpMKhwrQ4LSTChsOww58dw5g1YFw9eMOsw6vCm8O5Xl8Hw5YDWmk0w6PCocOHWsKhQcOFbcKbwpjCphHCusKwwow%2FDyTCukrCiwYYZ0FmTG3Cg8O9PsOdXMOFw7fDqW3CgFACwoLDjsOBBsKZw4wUw7g3Wz%2FDsiPDpsKxw7cOw7DCg8OxwoE5wqnCplHClG%2FClSNdSV3Cp8OgHgrDkmI6wrcoDUpHw5bDqHocwr3Dn3EJw6EEOsKZK8KCw60ew71wDcKZwrfCp8KywoBMIA3DpsOKWCjDiHDChCsow79mwoczWsOkTsO2w6R3w5jDgWrDuWLDm17DvMKIw6jCjFE2KGl0CsO7w73DoW7Chj8Zw6rDksOSDUJrw7BAwqfDnsO4XMOYwrnClsK9H03ChSkgE2dCwqklw7dXaUvCgsOLw78kw5jCgcOtw6xZUsKhwrTDrkTCjsOaw5%2FDjMKOwoPDocO1DibDksOpQMOHIlfCnzbCji%2FDoyfDs8Kuw4HCog%3D%3D#) 3 He threw him into the Abyss,[t](https://app.logos.com/books/LLS%3ANIV2011/references/bible%2Bniv.87.20.1?tile=left&zzls=2eMKcwp3CkUFPwoQwEMKFw7%2FCimnCsicJwohGw5bDtMKGGBM3Gw9yNMOGFBjCpMKhwrQ4LSTChsOww58dw5g1YFw9eMOsw6vCm8O5Xl8Hw5YDWmk0w6PCocOHWsKhQcOFbcKbwpjCphHCusKwwow%2FDyTCukrCiwYYZ0FmTG3Cg8O9PsOdXMOFw7fDqW3CgFACwoLDjsOBBsKZw4wUw7g3Wz%2FDsiPDpsKxw7cOw7DCg8OxwoE5wqnCplHClG%2FClSNdSV3Cp8OgHgrDkmI6wrcoDUpHw5bDqHocwr3Dn3EJw6EEOsKZK8KCw60ew71wDcKZwrfCp8KywoBMIA3DpsOKWCjDiHDChCsow79mwoczWsOkTsO2w6R3w5jDgWrDuWLDm17DvMKIw6jCjFE2KGl0CsO7w73DoW7Chj8Zw6rDksOSDUJrw7BAwqfDnsO4XMOYwrnClsK9H03ChSkgE2dCwqklw7dXaUvCgsOLw78kw5jCgcOtw6xZUsKhwrTDrkTCjsOaw5%2FDjMKOwoPDocO1DibDksOpQMOHIlfCnzbCji%2FDoyfDs8Kuw4HCog%3D%3D#) and locked and sealed[u](https://app.logos.com/books/LLS%3ANIV2011/references/bible%2Bniv.87.20.1?tile=left&zzls=2eMKcwp3CkUFPwoQwEMKFw7%2FCimnCsicJwohGw5bDtMKGGBM3Gw9yNMOGFBjCpMKhwrQ4LSTChsOww58dw5g1YFw9eMOsw6vCm8O5Xl8Hw5YDWmk0w6PCocOHWsKhQcOFbcKbwpjCphHCusKwwow%2FDyTCukrCiwYYZ0FmTG3Cg8O9PsOdXMOFw7fDqW3CgFACwoLDjsOBBsKZw4wUw7g3Wz%2FDsiPDpsKxw7cOw7DCg8OxwoE5wqnCplHClG%2FClSNdSV3Cp8OgHgrDkmI6wrcoDUpHw5bDqHocwr3Dn3EJw6EEOsKZK8KCw60ew71wDcKZwrfCp8KywoBMIA3DpsOKWCjDiHDChCsow79mwoczWsOkTsO2w6R3w5jDgWrDuWLDm17DvMKIw6jCjFE2KGl0CsO7w73DoW7Chj8Zw6rDksOSDUJrw7BAwqfDnsO4XMOYwrnClsK9H03ChSkgE2dCwqklw7dXaUvCgsOLw78kw5jCgcOtw6xZUsKhwrTDrkTCjsOaw5%2FDjMKOwoPDocO1DibDksOpQMOHIlfCnzbCji%2FDoyfDs8Kuw4HCog%3D%3D#) it over him, to keep him from deceiving the nations[v](https://app.logos.com/books/LLS%3ANIV2011/references/bible%2Bniv.87.20.1?tile=left&zzls=2eMKcwp3CkUFPwoQwEMKFw7%2FCimnCsicJwohGw5bDtMKGGBM3Gw9yNMOGFBjCpMKhwrQ4LSTChsOww58dw5g1YFw9eMOsw6vCm8O5Xl8Hw5YDWmk0w6PCocOHWsKhQcOFbcKbwpjCphHCusKwwow%2FDyTCukrCiwYYZ0FmTG3Cg8O9PsOdXMOFw7fDqW3CgFACwoLDjsOBBsKZw4wUw7g3Wz%2FDsiPDpsKxw7cOw7DCg8OxwoE5wqnCplHClG%2FClSNdSV3Cp8OgHgrDkmI6wrcoDUpHw5bDqHocwr3Dn3EJw6EEOsKZK8KCw60ew71wDcKZwrfCp8KywoBMIA3DpsOKWCjDiHDChCsow79mwoczWsOkTsO2w6R3w5jDgWrDuWLDm17DvMKIw6jCjFE2KGl0CsO7w73DoW7Chj8Zw6rDksOSDUJrw7BAwqfDnsO4XMOYwrnClsK9H03ChSkgE2dCwqklw7dXaUvCgsOLw78kw5jCgcOtw6xZUsKhwrTDrkTCjsOaw5%2FDjMKOwoPDocO1DibDksOpQMOHIlfCnzbCji%2FDoyfDs8Kuw4HCog%3D%3D#) anymore until the thousand years were ended.

They came to life and reigned[d](https://app.logos.com/books/LLS%3ANIV2011/references/bible%2Bniv.87.20.3?tile=left&zzls=2eMKcwp3CkUFPwoQwEMKFw7%2FCimnCsicJwohGw5bDtMKGGBM3Gw9yNMOGFBjCpMKhwrQ4LSTChsOww58dw5g1YFw9eMOsw6vCm8O5Xl8Hw5YDWmk0w6PCocOHWsKhQcOFbcKbwpjCphHCusKwwow%2FDyTCukrCiwYYZ0FmTG3Cg8O9PsOdXMOFw7fDqW3CgFACwoLDjsOBBsKZw4wUw7g3Wz%2FDsiPDpsKxw7cOw7DCg8OxwoE5wqnCplHClG%2FClSNdSV3Cp8OgHgrDkmI6wrcoDUpHw5bDqHocwr3Dn3EJw6EEOsKZK8KCw60ew71wDcKZwrfCp8KywoBMIA3DpsOKWCjDiHDChCsow79mwoczWsOkTsO2w6R3w5jDgWrDuWLDm17DvMKIw6jCjFE2KGl0CsO7w73DoW7Chj8Zw6rDksOSDUJrw7BAwqfDnsO4XMOYwrnClsK9H03ChSkgE2dCwqklw7dXaUvCgsOLw78kw5jCgcOtw6xZUsKhwrTDrkTCjsOaw5%2FDjMKOwoPDocO1DibDksOpQMOHIlfCnzbCji%2FDoyfDs8Kuw4HCog%3D%3D#) with Christ a thousand years. 5 (The rest of the dead did not come to life until the thousand years were ended.)

Tim Keller -> He often leaned toward an "Idealist" or "Amillennial" perspective, where the symbols in Revelation represent the ongoing battle between the Church and the world throughout all of history,

A mIllienial view
In this view, the number 1,000 is not a literal calendar count. In biblical numerology, $10 \times 10 \times 10$ represents **divine perfection and completion**.

- **The Insight:** It refers to the "long period of time" between Jesus’ first coming and His second coming.

He will wipe every tear from their eyes.[t](https://app.logos.com/books/LLS%3ANIV2011/references/bible%2Bniv.87.21.2?tile=left&zzls=2eMKcwp3CkMOBTsKEMBDChl%2FDhTTDmcKTBGQ3w4FNb8KIMXHCs8OxIEdjTMKBQRpKwovDk0JiCMOvw67DgMKuYcONwq4ePHbDuk%2FCv8Kvw7%2FDgHpAK8KNZjzDtFgrNMKowrhtE8OTNEIXwpbDscKXwoHChsKuw5LCogHDhlnCkBlTw5tgwr9PV8Kbw7ghwr0LEEpAw5A5w5ggwpPCmQJ%2Fe8OrR37DhDzDtsORAX4yPjAnw5XCtMKKw7LCvXI0V1LDlynCuMOHwoJmMcKdW8KUBsKlwqPDqHY9wo7DnsOvwrjChHACwp3DjBXDgXZPfngKwplfT2UBwplAWsOMwpXCsVBQw6AIV1DDvsONDmfCtMOIwp3DrCnDr8KwwoPCk8OHTxQ3Z8KKw44YZcKDwpJWJ8OZwp8fdzPDvMOZUMKXwpZuEFrCgwc6w7XDhsOnw4LCrsK1w6zDvWgqTAHChTgTSi3DnsOfwqUtBsOrwpt%2FGMOsw4B2w7YqwqlQWnfDgcKjw7ZXc8OiEHjCu8KHwol0WcOoWMOkw6ITwo3Do8Orw7gFw7ZQw4HCpQ%3D%3D#) There will be no more death’[b](https://app.logos.com/books/LLS%3ANIV2011/references/bible%2Bniv.87.21.2?tile=left&zzls=2eMKcwp3CkMOBTsKEMBDChl%2FDhTTDmcKTBGQ3w4FNb8KIMXHCs8OxIEdjTMKBQRpKwovDk0JiCMOvw67DgMKuYcONwq4ePHbDuk%2FCv8Kvw7%2FDgHpAK8KNZjzDtFgrNMKowrhtE8OTNEIXwpbDscKXwoHChsKuw5LCogHDhlnCkBlTw5tgwr9PV8Kbw7ghwr0LEEpAw5A5w5ggwpPCmQJ%2Fe8OrR37DhDzDtsORAX4yPjAnw5XCtMKKw7LCvXI0V1LDlynCuMOHwoJmMcKdW8KUBsKlwqPDqHY9wo7DnsOvwrjChHACwp3DjBXDgXZPfngKwplfT2UBwplAWsOMwpXCsVBQw6AIV1DDvsONDmfCtMOIwp3DrCnDr8KwwoPCk8OHTxQ3Z8KKw44YZcKDwpJWJ8OZwp8fdzPDvMOZUMKXwpZuEFrCgwc6w7XDhsOnw4LCrsK1w6zDvWgqTAHChTgTSi3DnsOfwqUtBsOrwpt%2FGMOsw4B2w7YqwqlQWnfDgcKjw7ZXc8OiEHjCu8KHwol0WcOoWMOkw6ITwo3Do8Orw7gFw7ZQw4HCpQ%3D%3D#) [u](https://app.logos.com/books/LLS%3ANIV2011/references/bible%2Bniv.87.21.2?tile=left&zzls=2eMKcwp3CkMOBTsKEMBDChl%2FDhTTDmcKTBGQ3w4FNb8KIMXHCs8OxIEdjTMKBQRpKwovDk0JiCMOvw67DgMKuYcONwq4ePHbDuk%2FCv8Kvw7%2FDgHpAK8KNZjzDtFgrNMKowrhtE8OTNEIXwpbDscKXwoHChsKuw5LCogHDhlnCkBlTw5tgwr9PV8Kbw7ghwr0LEEpAw5A5w5ggwpPCmQJ%2Fe8OrR37DhDzDtsORAX4yPjAnw5XCtMKKw7LCvXI0V1LDlynCuMOHwoJmMcKdW8KUBsKlwqPDqHY9wo7DnsOvwrjChHACwp3DjBXDgXZPfngKwplfT2UBwplAWsOMwpXCsVBQw6AIV1DDvsONDmfCtMOIwp3DrCnDr8KwwoPCk8OHTxQ3Z8KKw44YZcKDwpJWJ8OZwp8fdzPDvMOZUMKXwpZuEFrCgwc6w7XDhsOnw4LCrsK1w6zDvWgqTAHChTgTSi3DnsOfwqUtBsOrwpt%2FGMOsw4B2w7YqwqlQWnfDgcKjw7ZXc8OiEHjCu8KHwol0WcOoWMOkw6ITwo3Do8Orw7gFw7ZQw4HCpQ%3D%3D#) or mourning or crying or pain,[v](https://app.logos.com/books/LLS%3ANIV2011/references/bible%2Bniv.87.21.2?tile=left&zzls=2eMKcwp3CkMOBTsKEMBDChl%2FDhTTDmcKTBGQ3w4FNb8KIMXHCs8OxIEdjTMKBQRpKwovDk0JiCMOvw67DgMKuYcONwq4ePHbDuk%2FCv8Kvw7%2FDgHpAK8KNZjzDtFgrNMKowrhtE8OTNEIXwpbDscKXwoHChsKuw5LCogHDhlnCkBlTw5tgwr9PV8Kbw7ghwr0LEEpAw5A5w5ggwpPCmQJ%2Fe8OrR37DhDzDtsORAX4yPjAnw5XCtMKKw7LCvXI0V1LDlynCuMOHwoJmMcKdW8KUBsKlwqPDqHY9wo7DnsOvwrjChHACwp3DjBXDgXZPfngKwplfT2UBwplAWsOMwpXCsVBQw6AIV1DDvsONDmfCtMOIwp3DrCnDr8KwwoPCk8OHTxQ3Z8KKw44YZcKDwpJWJ8OZwp8fdzPDvMOZUMKXwpZuEFrCgwc6w7XDhsOnw4LCrsK1w6zDvWgqTAHChTgTSi3DnsOfwqUtBsOrwpt%2FGMOsw4B2w7YqwqlQWnfDgcKjw7ZXc8OiEHjCu8KHwol0WcOoWMOkw6ITwo3Do8Orw7gFw7ZQw4HCpQ%3D%3D#) for the old order of things has passed away.”

But the cowardly, the unbelieving, the vile, the murderers, the sexually immoral, those who practice magic arts, the idolaters and all liars—they will be consigned to the fiery lake of burning sulfur. This is the second death.” 


Piper is very direct. He argues that those who "habitually and unrepentantly" indulge in pornography are in danger of hell. His logic is that true faith produces a "fight" for purity. If there is no fight and no repentance, he suggests the person's profession of faith may not be genuine.


I am accepted through Christ, therefore I obey.
He calls habitual sin "prolonged suicide by pleasure."

 Nothing impure will ever enter it, nor will anyone who does what is shameful or deceitful,[r](https://app.logos.com/books/LLS%3ANIV2011/references/bible%2Bniv.87.21.20?tile=left&zzls=2eMKcwp3CkMOBTsKEMBDChl%2FDhTTDmcKTBGQ3w4FNb8KIMXHCs8OxIEdjTMKBQRpKwovDk0JiCMOvw67DgMKuYcONwq4ePHbDuk%2FCv8Kvw7%2FDgHpAK8KNZjzDtFgrNMKowrhtE8OTNEIXwpbDscKXwoHChsKuw5LCogHDhlnCkBlTw5tgwr9PV8Kbw7ghwr0LEEpAw5A5w5ggwpPCmQJ%2Fe8OrR37DhDzDtsORAX4yPjAnw5XCtMKKw7LCvXI0V1LDlynCuMOHwoJmMcKdW8KUBsKlwqPDqHY9wo7DnsOvwrjChHACwp3DjBXDgXZPfngKwplfT2UBwplAWsOMwpXCsVBQw6AIV1DDvsONDmfCtMOIwp3DrCnDr8KwwoPCk8OHTxQ3Z8KKw44YZcKDwpJWJ8OZwp8fdzPDvMOZUMKXwpZuEFrCgwc6w7XDhsOnw4LCrsK1w6zDvWgqTAHChTgTSi3DnsOfwqUtBsOrwpt%2FGMOsw4B2w7YqwqlQWnfDgcKjw7ZXc8OiEHjCu8KHwol0WcOoWMOkw6ITwo3Do8Orw7gFw7ZQw4HCpQ%3D%3D#) but only those whose names are written in the Lamb’s book of life.
	 porn being shame ful and deceitful

wow a weak behind on psalms 
READ Psalm 7:6–11. 6 Arise, LORD, in your anger; rise up against the rage of my enemies. Awake, my God; decree justice. 7 Let the assembled peoples gather around you, while you sit enthroned over them on high. 8 Let the LORD judge the peoples. Vindicate me, LORD, according to my righteousness, according to my integrity, 
	i have no righteousness nor itnegrity 

O Most High. 9 Bring to an end the violence of the wicked and make the righteous secure—you, the righteous God who probes minds and hearts. 

you probe hearts and minds

10 My shield is God Most High, who saves the upright in heart. 11 God is a righteous judge, a God who displays his wrath every day.

God displays wrath everyday and i'm scared of punishment but not the seperation the sin is causing em and that's should be whati 'm more worried about
my laptop keeys are greasy lol 

**The Intent:** He was challenging the religious leaders of his time who thought they were "pure" because they hadn't physically cheated, even though their minds were full of lust. He was saying that God sees the internal "you" just as clearly as the external "you."

that the kingdom will only be achieved when the choices they make in life—how they treat others, how they see themselves, what priorities they embrace—reflect and express their innate Oneness with all that God is. We don't achieve the kingdom by saying the right words and waiting for it to appear. We create the kingdom by making loving, empowering choices that bring it into expression

  biblically, it is viewed as a **spiritual parasite** that:
- Drains your spiritual power.
- Objectifies people made in God's image.
- Creates a "double life" that eventually erodes your integrity.
Those who love God—who _truly_ love God—are those who listen to what He says. It isn’t up to us to choose how we worship Him. God tells us precisely how He wants us to love Him: by doing what He tells us to do.


GOD ON HIGH. David has not done the things of which he is accused (verse 8). He wants God to take his throne on high (verse 7) and right all wrongs. He rightly leaves retribution to God, who alone has the wisdom to know what people deserve as well as the power and right to give it to them. So should we. But how can we be sure that we will survive Judgment Day? Christians know that before the Lord is lifted up on a throne to judge, first he will be lifted up on a cross to atone for sin (John 12:32). So on the final day a joy-filled, redeemed people will assemble at his feet (verse 7). Prayer: Righteous Lord, I have many who falsely accuse me. Defend me from them! But I also know my sin, and my heart rightly accuses me. I rest in Jesus’s atoning death for me. “Be Thou my Shield and hiding Place, that, sheltered by Thy side, I may my fierce accuser face, and tell him Thou hast died!” 10 Amen.

THe blood covers my sin 

READ Psalm 7:12–17. 12 If he does not relent, he will sharpen his sword; he will bend and string his bow. 13 He has prepared his deadly weapons; he makes ready his flaming arrows. 14 Whoever is pregnant with evil conceives trouble and gives birth to disillusionment. 
i am pregnat with evil 

15 Whoever digs a hole and scoops it out falls into the pit they have made. 
i'm falling into a self-made pit 

16 The trouble they cause recoils on them; their violence comes down on their own heads. 17 I will give thanks to the LORD because of his righteousness; I will sing the praises of the name of the LORD Most High. THE SELF-DEFEAT OF EVIL. Because we live in a broken world, much injustice will go unpunished until the final day of judgment. However, most of the time, God’s justice works itself out within the fabric of history. Evil carries within it the seeds of its own destruction. Not only is it a bore—leading to dissatisfaction and emptiness (verse 14)—but it recoils on itself. You fall into the pit you have dug for others. Haters are hated, deceivers are deceived, gossips are gossiped about. Remember this until you are not intimidated, discouraged, or tempted by the wrongdoing you see around you. Prayer: Lord, I admit that some of my resentment of those who wrong me is tinged with envy. They live as they choose, and they seem happier than I am. But that is an illusion. Evil is like cancer cells—they grow, but only toward collapse and destruction. Help me see that clearly, so I can forgive them and not be tempted by them. Amen.

It’s not just that God is "mad"; it’s that it is **beneath your dignity.** You were made for a throne, but the habit is keeping you in the dirt.

READ Psalm 8. 1 LORD, our Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth! You have set your glory in the heavens. 2 Through the praise of children and infants you have established a stronghold against your enemies, to silence the foe and the avenger. 3 When I consider your heavens, the work of your fingers, the moon and the stars, which you have set in place, 4 what is mankind that you are mindful of them, human beings that you care for them? 5 You have made them a little lower than the angels and crowned them with glory and honor. 

we are a little lower than angels lol 

6 You made them rulers over the works of your hands; you put everything under their feet: 7 all flocks and herds, and the animals of the wild, 8 the birds in the sky, and the fish in the sea, all that swim the paths of the seas. 9 LORD, our Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth! WONDERFUL CARE. The universe reveals God’s glory. Aren’t humans just specks of dust in this vastness? Physically, yes; yet we fill the mind of God (verse 4). The astonishment of the psalmist should be ours: Why should God care about us? Because he has made us in his image and given us the world he created to care for as his agents. 

we take for granted the concept that we are made in his image for we could just be litttle ants no one cares about 

100: Living with care for the land, sea, and air and all who live there, and doing justice for every human being stamped with his image, brings God glory. As a human race we are not doing this very well! But Jesus has come, and eventually the world will be under his feet (verse 6; Hebrews 2:5–9) and then everything will be made right. Prayer: Majestic God, how is it possible that we fill your mind? You love and care for us so much you were willing to become a weak infant and vulnerable child, all in order to save us. Now help me, in all my daily interactions, to treat every person I meet as a being infinitely precious in your sight. Amen.

READ Psalm 9:1–12. 1 I will give thanks to you, LORD, with all my heart; I will tell of all your wonderful deeds. 2 I will be glad and rejoice in you; I will sing the praises of your name, O Most High. 3 My enemies turn back; they stumble and perish before you. 4 For you have upheld my right and my cause, sitting enthroned as the righteous judge. 
5 You have rebuked the nations and destroyed the wicked; you have blotted out their name for ever and ever. 6 Endless ruin has overtaken my enemies, you have uprooted their cities; even the memory of them has perished. 7 The LORD reigns forever; he has established his throne for judgment. 8 He rules the world in righteousness and judges the peoples with equity. 9 The LORD is a refuge for the oppressed, a stronghold in times of trouble.

stronghold in times of trouble


10 Those who know your name trust in you, for you, LORD, have never forsaken those who seek you. 11 Sing the praises of the LORD, enthroned in Zion; proclaim among the nations what he has done. 12 For he who avenges blood remembers; he does not ignore the cries of the afflicted. THANKS. This psalm helps us toward the spiritual health of a thankful heart. We must discern God’s “wonderful deeds” in our lives, a phrase that can refer to dramatic miracles like the parting of the Red Sea. However, we must also learn to see the more subtle ways God comforts us just when we were ready to give up, or brings the right friend or book or line of thinking into our lives just when we needed it. Recognize and tell of God’s daily, wonderful deeds, and you will have a note of grateful joy as the background music to your life. Prayer: O Lord, you never forsake the troubled and the afflicted. When I think of your innumerable mercies to me, small and large, I can only cry. . . . What thanks I owe you, and what love! Help me to see the ways you support and guide me every day, so that I will always find new reasons to thank you. Amen.

READ Psalm 9:13–20. 13 LORD, see how my enemies persecute me! Have mercy and lift me up from the gates of death, 14 that I may declare your praises in the gates of Daughter Zion, and there rejoice in your salvation. 15 The nations have fallen into the pit they have dug; their feet are caught in the net they have hidden. 16 The LORD is known by his acts of justice; the wicked are ensnared by the work of their hands. 17 The wicked go down to the realm of the dead, all the nations that forget God. 18 But God will never forget the needy; the hope of the afflicted will never perish. 19 Arise, LORD, do not let mortals triumph; let the nations be judged in your presence. 20 Strike them with terror, LORD; let the nations know they are only mortal. NEVER FORGET. This psalm moves suddenly from thanksgiving to a cry for help amid suffering. Life is like that. But David grabs hold of a truth that keeps him from sinking. The core sin is to forget that God is God and that we are not. And this is justice—those who forget God will be forgotten, but those who remember God will be remembered forever (Isaiah 56:5). Christians know of one who remembered God yet was completely forsaken (Matthew 27:46). But because Jesus died in our place, we can be even surer than David that God will always be there for us. Prayer: Lord, so many of my problems stem from not remembering you. I forget your wisdom and so I worry. I forget your grace and so I get complacent. I forget your mercy and so I get resentful of others. Help me remember who you are every moment of the day. Amen.

READ Psalm 10:1–11. 1 Why, LORD, do you stand far off? Why do you hide yourself in times of trouble? 2 In his arrogance the wicked man hunts down the weak, who are caught in the schemes he devises. 3 He boasts about the cravings of his heart; he blesses the greedy and reviles the LORD. 4 In his pride the wicked man does not seek him; in all his thoughts there is no room for God. 5 His ways are always prosperous; your laws are rejected by him; he sneers at all his enemies. 6 He says to himself, “Nothing will ever shake me.” He swears, “No one will ever do me harm.” 7 His mouth is full of lies and threats; trouble and evil are under his tongue. 8 He lies in wait near the villages; from ambush he murders the innocent. His eyes watch in secret for his victims; 9 like a lion in cover he lies in wait. He lies in wait to catch the helpless; he catches the helpless and drags them off in his net. 10 His victims are crushed, they collapse; they fall under his strength. 11 He says to himself, “God will never notice; he covers his face and never sees.” PAINFUL REALITY. Augustine taught there were two “cities” or ways to live in society—one based on self-giving and one on self-serving. To worship the desires of the heart (verse 3) leads to habits of self-expression and self-assertion rather than sacrificial love. It is this way of life that appears to be ascendant in the world, with a God who seems to be far away and doing nothing about it (verse 1). The psalm describes this situation in painful detail, as a way of keeping us from even subtly going along with this manner of living. Like the psalmist, we need to resist it in prayer and in our daily life. Prayer: Lord, keep me from being either naive about human evil, self-righteous about it, or cynical before it. Don’t let me ever get used to injustice or, worse, become complicit in it. That takes constant vigilance and reflection about how I am living. Keep me loving what you love and hating what you hate. Amen.

READ Psalm 10:12–18. 12 Arise, LORD! Lift up your hand, O God. Do not forget the helpless. 13 Why does the wicked man revile God? Why does he say to himself, “He won’t call me to account”? 14 But you, God, see the trouble of the afflicted; you consider their grief and take it in hand. The victims commit themselves to you; you are the helper of the fatherless. 15 Break the arm of the wicked man; call the evildoer to account for his wickedness that would not otherwise be found out. 16 The LORD is King for ever and ever; the nations will perish from his land. 17 You, LORD, hear the desire of the afflicted; you encourage them, and you listen to their cry, 18 defending the fatherless and the oppressed, so that mere earthly mortals will never again strike terror. ENCOURAGEMENT. This second half of the psalm shows us a man who never gets the “why?” questions answered (verse 13) yet who trusts God completely. While the day of justice may be still in the future, the promise of encouragement is in the present, if we look to him. How can we trust him now if we still see oppression reigning? Christians know he so loves the helpless (verse 12), grief-stricken (verse 14), and oppressed (verse 18) that he literally became one of them and “by oppression and judgment he was taken away” (Isaiah 53:3–8). So commit yourself to him. Prayer: Lord, the world is filled with so many tragedies and injustices! I wish I knew the “why” behind so many things. But despite appearances and what I see from my extremely limited vantage point, you have never wronged anyone. Help me trust your wisdom and give my heart the encouragement and strength that only you can give. Amen.

READ Psalm 11. 1 In the LORD I take refuge. How then can you say to me: “Flee like a bird to your mountain. 2 For look, the wicked bend their bows; they set their arrows against the strings to shoot from the shadows at the upright in heart. 3 When the foundations are being destroyed, what can the righteous do?” 4 The LORD is in his holy temple; the LORD is on his heavenly throne. He observes everyone on earth; his eyes examine them. 5 The LORD examines the righteous, but the wicked, those who love violence, he hates with a passion. 6 On the wicked he will rain fiery coals and burning sulfur; a scorching wind will be their lot. 7 For the LORD is righteous, he loves justice; the upright will see his face. DON’T DESPAIR. When life crumbles, the desire to run away and hide in despair is strong. David counters this impulse with three insights: theological—God is still on his throne and will execute justice in his wise time (verse 4); practical—crises are really tests, opportunities to evaluate what is true and solid and what is flimsy and should be discarded (verses 4–5); and spiritual—what we really need is the knowledge of God’s presence and face (verse 7). Only love makes you interested in gazing on someone’s face. Pray until God and his love become more real to you. Then you won’t run scared. Prayer: Lord, people are saying, “It’s over; just give up.” But I won’t panic—or should I say, “Lord, help me to not panic”? I know you are on your throne—but my heart doesn’t feel that—so speak to my heart. Let me love you enough not to be scared. Amen.