---
date: "2026-01-21"
type: daily_journal
mood:
devotion_duration:
workout_type:
---

## 🙏 Time With God

### Devos



Revelations 22


Ezra 1
Acts 1

Ezra 2 
Act 2

READ Psalm 14. 1 The fool says in his heart, “There is no God.” They are corrupt, their deeds are vile; there is no one who does good. 2 The LORD looks down from heaven on all mankind to see if there are any who understand, any who seek God. 3 All have turned away, all have become corrupt; there is no one who does good, not even one. 

There is no one that does Good, not even one... 

4 Do all these evildoers know nothing? They devour my people as though eating bread; they never call on the LORD. 5 But there they are, overwhelmed with dread, for God is present in the company of the righteous. 

God is present in the company of the righteous

6 You evildoers frustrate the plans of the poor, but the LORD is their refuge. 7 Oh, that salvation for Israel would come out of Zion! When the LORD restores his people, let Jacob rejoice and Israel be glad! 

No matter where I'm at. I want to be satisfied in the Lord
and i don't want to spit fire about the Lord without genuinely meaning it


FOOLISHNESS. In the Bible foolishness means a destructive self-centeredness. Fools cannot bear to have anyone over them, and so they ignore God or deny he exists. Some of this rebellion exists in every heart. Every sin is a kind of practical atheism—it is acting as if God were not there. 

my sexual sin
my failure in fasting
fasting is the whole poitn fo fighting temptation against catan against instagram and brain rot 


That also means that belief in God must be a gift. This psalm is famously quoted in Romans 3:11: “There is no one who seeks God.” Left to ourselves, we would never want to find God, much less know him. So take heart . . . If you want God, it is because he wants you to find him. 


defintly not that happy
i guess me being sleepy is the atmosphere of dyon leading and not respecting him waht he wants our group to do 


Prayer: Lord, I often struggle with doubts about you, and this psalm makes me realize they don’t all come from my intellect and mind—many come from my heart. Part of me doesn’t want there to be a God I have to obey. Increase my faith, through your Word and Spirit, and through believing friends, “the company of the righteous.” Amen.

READ Psalm 15. 1 LORD, who may dwell in your sacred tent? Who may live on your holy mountain? 2 The one whose walk is blameless, who does what is righteous, who speaks the truth from their heart; 3 whose tongue utters no slander, who does no wrong to a neighbor, and casts no slur on others; 4 who despises a vile person but honors those who fear the LORD; who keeps an oath even when it hurts, and does not change their mind; 5 who lends money to the poor without interest; who does not accept a bribe against the innocent. Whoever does these things will never be shaken. INTEGRITY. Who gets to draw near to God? Those who speak true words (verse 2), but in love (verse 3) and generosity (verse 5). Those who are transparent, honest, and faithful to their word, not always changing their minds (verses 4 and 5).

i shouldnt' say yes to things that i truly don't beleive in i gotta pray for kevin 


If we deceive, vilify, and flatter, if we make empty promises and overblown claims, we cannot expect God’s presence in our lives. This standard not only challenges us but also reminds us we can go to God only through his grace. No one but Jesus ever lived with perfect integrity (Hebrews 4:15), but because he is our Savior, we can go in to God (Hebrews 4:16). Prayer: Lord, the sins of my tongue are so many! Forgive me for talking too much (because of pride), for talking too little (because of fear), for not telling the truth (because of pride and fear), for words that are harsh and cutting, for hurting others’ reputations through gossip. Purify my words with your Word. Amen.