## 🙏 Time With God

### Devos


God i'md efintely fkn addicted
to catan
i don't even have decaf coffee
so i don't know what smoothie i can. make

READ Psalm 17:10–15. 10 They close up their callous hearts, and their mouths speak with arrogance. 11 They have tracked me down, they now surround me, with eyes alert, to throw me to the ground. 12 They are like a lion hungry for prey, like a fierce lion crouching in cover. 13 Rise up, LORD, confront them, bring them down; with your sword rescue me from the wicked. 14 By your hand save me from such people, LORD, from those of this world whose reward is in this life. May what you have stored up for the wicked fill their bellies; may their children gorge themselves on it, and may there be leftovers for their little ones. 15 As for me, I will be vindicated and will see your face; when I awake, I will be satisfied with seeing your likeness. HOPE IN THE DARKNESS. The callous people who cross any line, flout every law, laugh at compassion, and do whatever it takes to be happy right now are indeed those we need to fear in this life. Living a self-absorbed life will always be at the cost of everyone else. In such a dark world, David maintains hope. He remembers that cruelty always comes home to roost (verse 14). But verse 15 goes far beyond such computation, reminding us that someday we will see the Lord as he is (1 John 3:2; 2 Corinthians 3:18). To gaze into infinite beauty and to receive such infinite love will give us a satisfaction that will last forever. Prayer: Thank you, Lord, for the confidence your resurrection gives me that in the end all wrongs will be made right. Thank you for allowing me to rest in the assurance of my future resurrection and of living with you forever. Knowing this heals all wounds. Amen.

READ Psalm 18:1–6. 1 I love you, LORD, my strength. 2 The LORD is my rock, my fortress and my deliverer; my God is my rock, in whom I take refuge, my shield and the horn of my salvation, my stronghold. 3 I called to the LORD, who is worthy of praise, and I have been saved from my enemies. 4 The cords of death entangled me; the torrents of destruction overwhelmed me. 5 The cords of the grave coiled around me; the snares of death confronted me. 6 In my distress I called to the LORD; I cried to my God for help. From his temple he heard my voice; my cry came before him, into his ears. I LOVE YOU, LORD. The psalms repeatedly call God a refuge, because we so constantly need it. Habitually turning to God for refuge is the only real support we have in life. In Psalm 2 David took refuge by remembering that God will put all things right eventually. In Psalm 7 he took refuge by resting on God’s wise arrangement of his current life circumstances. Here we see David taking refuge by thanking God exuberantly for past blessings. When he says, “I love you, Lord,” he uses an unusual Hebrew word that conveys deep emotion and passion. Cultivate such love by considering how God delivered you through the drama of the cross (Romans 5:8). That will make you strong. Prayer: Thank you, Lord Jesus, for leaving the ultimate refuge of heaven to become radically vulnerable and to die for me, so that now, despite my sin, I can find a welcome and refuge in the arms of the Father. I love you for what you have done and for who you are. Amen.

READ Psalm 18:7–19. 7 The earth trembled and quaked, and the foundations of the mountains shook; they trembled because he was angry. 8 Smoke rose from his nostrils; consuming fire came from his mouth, burning coals blazed out of it. 9 He parted the heavens and came down; dark clouds were under his feet. 10 He mounted the cherubim and flew; he soared on the wings of the wind. 11 He made darkness his covering, his canopy around him—the dark rain clouds of the sky. 12 Out of the brightness of his presence clouds advanced, with hailstones and bolts of lightning. 13 The LORD thundered from heaven; the voice of the Most High resounded. 14 He shot his arrows and scattered the enemy, with great bolts of lightning he routed them. 15 The valleys of the sea were exposed and the foundations of the earth laid bare at your rebuke, LORD, at the blast of breath from your nostrils. 16 He reached down from on high and took hold of me; he drew me out of deep waters. 17 He rescued me from my powerful enemy, from my foes, who were too strong for me. 18 They confronted me in the day of my disaster, but the LORD was my support. 19 He brought me out into a spacious place; he rescued me because he delighted in me. THE HINDSIGHT OF FAITH. David says God came down from heaven in storm (verses 8–9 and 12–13) and wind (verse 15) to save him. While he did these things at other times (cf. Joshua 10:11; Exodus 14:21), God never literally did them to help David escape from Saul. With hindsight, however, David now sees that God was active beneath the surface of things, even when he seemed absent at the time, “because he delighted in me” (verse 19). Christians know that God came down from heaven for them because he “loved [us] and gave himself for [us]” (Galatians 2:20) on the cross and delights in us in Christ (Colossians 1:22). Prayer: Lord, the very fact that another day has been added to my life is due to your undeserved mercy and active presence. As I age another day, let me grow in the knowledge that I am completely accepted and fully loved, despite my flaws and failures, in Christ. Amen.

READ Psalm 18:20–27. 20 The LORD has dealt with me according to my righteousness; according to the cleanness of my hands he has rewarded me. 21 For I have kept the ways of the LORD; I am not guilty of turning from my God. 22 All his laws are before me; I have not turned away from his decrees. 23 I have been blameless before him and have kept myself from sin. 24 The LORD has rewarded me according to my righteousness, according to the cleanness of my hands in his sight. 25 To the faithful you show yourself faithful, to the blameless you show yourself blameless, 26 to the pure you show yourself pure, but to the devious you show yourself shrewd. 27 You save the humble but bring low those whose eyes are haughty. Friendship with God. The word “faithful” (verse 25) refers to pledged love between covenant partners. God responds in kind (verses 25–26) so he can be not just a King but also a friend. Aristotle thought it impossible that humans could be friends with a god, because friends have things in common, and can say, “You, too?” But in becoming human, God’s first great act of friendship, he became like us, drawing near to us so we could draw near to him. Since he humbled himself to get near us, only the humble, not the haughty, can be his friends. In his second great act of friendship, he gave his life for us (John 15:13). In our suffering, then, we can look at Jesus and say, “You, too?” Prayer: Lord, it seems unimaginable that the Lord of the universe would also be the friend of my heart, but so it is. Through listening to your Word, through honest and constant prayer, through serving you even as you loved me, let me grow in friendship and intimate fellowship with you. Amen.

Timothy Keller, Kathy Keller. The Songs of Jesus: A Year of Daily Devotions in the Psalms (Kindle Locations 754-769). Kindle Edition. 

### Prayer
*  **Gratitude:** *What am I thankful for today?
*   **Prayer For Others:** *Myself, Family, Friends, Work, Life Group
