---
date: "2026-01-24"
type: daily_journal
mood:
devotion_duration:
workout_type:
---

## 🙏 Time With God

### Devos
so sad

Eztra 6
ACts 1-6

There is a famous concept called **Dunbar’s Number**, which suggests we can only maintain about 5 "core" intimate relationships. But for most people, trying to maintain 5 deep connections is exhausting.

wow lord i'm so sad
that i literally didn't do devos because i'm so desnsitized to my sin 
and i acutally got caught and it blew up in front o fme 
p

## ✍️ Quick Reflections & Other Notes

“To the elders among you, I appeal as a fellow elder and a witness of Christ’s sufferings who also will share in the glory to be revealed: Be shepherds of God’s flock that is under your care, watching over them—not because you must, but because you are willing, as God wants you to be; not pursuing dishonest gain, but eager to serve; not Lording it over those entrusted to you, but being examples to the flock. 

We need to be examples to the flock -> eager to serve 

And when the Chief Shepherd appears, you will receive the crown of glory that will never fade away. 

Crownof glory that will never fade away 

In the same way, you who are younger, submit yourselves to your elders. All of you, clothe yourselves with humility toward one another, because, “God opposes the proud but shows favor to the humble.” Humble yourselves, therefore, under God’s mighty hand, that he may lift you up in due time. 

Humble yourself 

Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you. Be alert and of sober mind. 

Sober mind 

Your enemy the devil prowls around like a roaring lion looking for someone to devour. Resist him, standing firm in the faith, 

Firm in the faith 

because you know that the family of believers throughout the world is undergoing the same kind of sufferings. And the God of all grace, who called you to his eternal glory in Christ, after you have suffered a little while, 

There will be suffering 

will himself restore you and make you strong, firm and steadfast. To him be the power for ever and ever. Amen.”



“I served the Lord with great humility and with tears and in the midst of severe testing by the plots of my Jewish opponents. You know that I have not hesitated to preach anything that would be helpful to you but have taught you publicly and from house to house.”
‭‭Acts‬ ‭20‬:‭19‬-‭20‬ ‭NIV‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/111/act.20.19-20.NIV
“I only know that in every city the Holy Spirit warns me that prison and hardships are facing me.”
‭‭Acts‬ ‭20‬:‭23‬ ‭NIV‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/111/act.20.23.NIV
“However, I consider my life worth nothing to me; my only aim is to finish the race and complete the task the Lord Jesus has given me—the task of testifying to the good news of God’s grace.”
‭‭Acts‬ ‭20‬:‭24‬ ‭NIV‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/111/act.20.24.NIV
“Keep watch over yourselves and all the flock of which the Holy Spirit has made you overseers. Be shepherds of the church of God, which he bought with his own blood. I know that after I leave, savage wolves will come in among you and will not spare the flock. Even from your own number men will arise and distort the truth in order to draw away disciples after them. So be on your guard! Remember that for three years I never stopped warning each of you night and day with tears.”
‭‭Acts‬ ‭20‬:‭28‬-‭31‬ ‭NIV‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/111/act.20.28-31.NIV
“I have not coveted anyone’s silver or gold or clothing. You yourselves know that these hands of mine have supplied my own needs and the needs of my companions. In everything I did, I showed you that by this kind of hard work we must help the weak, remembering the words the Lord Jesus himself said: ‘It is more blessed to give than to receive.’ ””
‭‭Acts‬ ‭20‬:‭33‬-‭35‬ ‭NIV‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/111/act.20.33-35.NIV


Ezra 5 and 6 
Basically they looked at king cyphus decree and it did say they would give royal treasury and all they needed to build 