

lol idk what devos I missed 


Ezra 7 to the end 
“This Ezra was a scribe who was well versed in the Law of Moses, which the Lord, the God of Israel, had given to the people of Israel. He came up to Jerusalem from Babylon, and the king gave him everything he asked for, because the gracious hand of the Lord his God was on him.”
‭‭

““And you, Ezra, are to use the wisdom your God has given you to appoint magistrates and judges who know your God’s laws to govern all the people in the province west of the Euphrates River. Teach the law to anyone who does not know it.”
‭‭Ezra‬ ‭7‬:‭25‬ ‭NLT‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/116/ezr.7.25.NLT
 Voluntary Return: It allows any Israelite who wishes to return to Jerusalem to go with Ezra.

• Funding: The king provides silver and gold from the royal treasury and orders the treasurers of the province "Beyond the River" to give Ezra whatever he needs.

• Tax Exemptions: It exempts priests, Levites, and other temple workers from paying tribute or taxes.

• Judicial Power: Ezra is authorized to appoint magistrates and judges to enforce the Law of God and the law of the king

Prayer-> I welcome you to disrupt my life 
To bring up things that I don’t want to deal with 

“I prayed, “O my God, I am utterly ashamed; I blush to lift up my face to you. For our sins are piled higher than our heads, and our guilt has reached to the heavens.”
‭‭Ezra‬ ‭9‬:‭6‬ ‭NLT‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/116/ezr.9.6.NLT

lol I have catan addiction fr 


“Then Ezra left the front of the Temple of God and went to the room of Jehohanan son of Eliashib. He spent the night there without eating or drinking anything. He was still in mourning because of the unfaithfulness of the returned exiles.”
‭‭Ezra‬ ‭10‬:‭6‬ ‭NLT‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/116/ezr.10.6.NLT


I’m depressed fr 