---
date: "2025-12-06"
type: daily_journal
mood:
devotion_duration:
workout_type:
---

## ðŸ™ Time With God

### Devos
## Romans 10



## âœï¸ Quick Reflections & Other Notes

# TC Saturday December 6



##### How has leading for you been this past semester?
Yosef leaving
Vincent not coming to hotpot or friendsigving
Bo is super busy 
Mark broke up with me
Don't think people look up to me like that -> not about looking up but at least I feel like I have solutions that they wouldn't listen to so I've almost stopped sharing

Personally not that easy to be honest, kind of makes me want to leave next year take the easy route enjoy life in new york figure out some other ministry

##### What are ways that God has been using TC and leadership to grow you and expose your sinfulness

--I think it's hard to reflect on this question because Dennis is leading and I think it's hard to respect him when there's no relationship like that

aghh maybe i need to target the source and partner with them, its really pjosh and dennis with the power-- 

Was really down on life for the first half of the semester to be honest, family things, lack of purpopse and fulfillment here mostly drums actually and then everything got better when I stopped playing drums and focused more on my devotional time 

IDK I used to literally always pack my schedule, but now i'm more restful 

think i resent all the mandatory things a lot, like PG feel like I don't get much out of it and i don't know how to feel about it 
##### What are ways you have grown as a leader? What are ways you need to continue to grow?

P Josh taught me that I should focus on my personal ministry instead of what everyone else is doing and at least for my time here to be present and give my all 

Official Discipleship? Personal ministry I need to try things that I feel led and called to 


### A. Leading Yourself
*   Refer to the training on **leading yourself** in the [[Campus TC Binder 2024 - PDF Version.pdf]].
    *   How have you been faithful in this season?
    *   Specifically, how have you been leading:
        *   Upwardly?
        *   Horizontally?
        *   Inwardly?
    *   What are areas you need to grow in regarding leading yourself?

--- 

Does our life group have deep communion with generosity, unity, and sharing in all of life 
are they serving each other
are they evangelizing -> lowkey not ready
are they investing in descipleship


> If one group in our church is doing well, then all of us should be able to rejoice with the brothers and sisters. If one group is struggling, then we should all feel the heartaches with them.

Wow lowkey good

> Leadership, at its most basic level, is all about influence.

I guess if people don't listen even if it's objectively correct and biblical then what can we do

>Jesus mastered influence by His words as well as by His actions. 
"Leading and influencing God's people towards fulfilling God's purpose of building up the body of Christ and impacting the world."


> 1. Leaders need to have a growing and maturing relationship with God (John 15:5).
> 2. Leaders need a sense of calling or passion from God to lead people (Exodus 3:1-10).
> 3. Leaders need to have a shepherding heart for believers in the Lord (1 Peter 5:1-4).
> 4. Leaders need to have a vision for building up future leaders (2 Timothy 2:2).


Where Jesus washed His disciples' feet (John 13). He wanted to teach the disciples that leaders lead by example. Jesus reiterated this principle in Mark 1042-45 when He said, "Whoever wants to become great among you must be your servant, and whoever wants to be first must be slave of all. For even the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give His life as a ransom for many."

I guess if I wanted to succintly answer 
-> Lot of short comings
-> Some wins, one of my closest friends from elementary school and did college apps, and coding, and bible study that summer, and then IXL, and then in his baptism testimony, so thanksful 

Even last year with mark obv I think in the moments I was there for him was good 

meetups with ethan even though if he's struggling, i think i always try to speak truth 

think Bo respects me at least lol 


-> thinking about next year its hard to tell, can go eitehr way still rpaying about it, i think it'd be so easy to stay based on fruit but ya know tis probably both faith + obedience 



not "always" praying for LG, but I def pray for it i guess conceptually, maybe i should pray for individual members

because i can't cast my net wide and expect results its really those few small relationships 


>Follow my example, as I follow the example of Christ" (1 Corinthians 11 1). We must keep in mind that the members in our Life Group will not exceed our spiritual growth. Jesus made this point clear in Matthew 10 24-25 when He said, "A student is not above his teacher, nor a servant above his master

Key principles for biblical leaders are: 
1. We lead by serving. 
2. We multiply our ministry by investing our lives in others. 
3. We must be found faithful until the end.


think if i was all in i would almost disregard work and try to find where people are studying

We must be honest with God, ourselves, and others (Psalms 139 23-24)
-> have I made work an idol? at least in this current season perhaps 


--- 

### B. Life Group Ministry & Personal Calling
*   Read **Section 1** of the [[Campus TC Binder 2024 - PDF Version.pdf]].
    *   What is the foundation of our life group ministry?
    *   Why are you leading in the campus context specifically?
    *   What calling from God are you obeying by living out the role of TC?






Action Plan: Share with your Accountability Partners and Leadership Teams
1. Map out how you plan to spend your break
2. Map out when you plan to be intentional with your time with God
3. Answer the two questions:
a. How do you want to be faithful to your calling as a shepherd leader over break?
b. How do you want to intentionally rest in order to run


Dec 9-13 Key West
	prayer and devotions in the morning together 
Dec 14-15
	 Worship service, worship team + TC party long day
	 monday -> work super hard before my next trip
Dec 16 -> travel Day to NYC 
	 also work super hard before puerto rico
Dec 17-Dec 22 6AM PR
	 prayers and devotions with jimmy
Dec 23 -> Jan Something -> 
	 Family is difficult, have to be faithful to them and try to witness to Joseph
	 Hang out with kayla + kayla mom 

Times in breaks
		read christian books
		pray more 
		journal 