## 🙏 Time With God

### Devos



### Prayer
*  **Gratitude:** *What am I thankful for today?
*   **Prayer For Others:** *Myself, Family, Friends, Work, Life Group



Lord one of my biggest stresses is 1
1) getting a trust lawyer
2) life insurance policy being terrible 

wow i really only contacted 2 of them i need to spend soem time calling mroe of them 

John 3:36
6 Whoever believes in the Son has eternal life, but whoever rejects the Son will not see life, for God’s wrath remains on them.

you would have asked him and he would have given you living water.”
God give me livign water cleanse me of my sin and the pain i have dealing with mom's situation 
 you will worship the Father neither on this mountain nor in Jerusalem.


you have had five husbands, and the man you now have is not your husband.

true worshipers will worship the Father in the Spirit and in truth, for they are the kind of worshipers the Father seeks. 24 God is spirit, and his worshipers must worship in the Spirit and in truth.”
i have failed to worship in spirti and truth :(


is to do the will of him who sent me and to finish his work.
me nut is not God's work 

 I tell you, open your eyes and look at the fields! They are ripe for harvest.


- fulfilling his mission provided a level of energy and satisfaction that physical bread couldn't match. He is essentially saying that following one's purpose is life-sustaining.
AM I caring too much about money 

He reminds the disciples that they shouldn't get puffed up about their success. They are reaping where others did the "hard work" of plowing and planting
I shouldnt' get puffed up when i succeed, nor disappiotned when i get rejected

woman’s testimony, “He told me everything I ever did.”
	Jesus just knew her life

8 “Unless you people see signs and wonders,” Jesus told him, “you will never believe.”




Response to mark 
none of us are 100% objective or intellectually honest, we all have our subconscious implicit biases + faith has three pillars, intellectual, personal/emotional, and social 

if you really want to dive deep in the world of apologetics, you have to study epistemology also (how do we know what you know), because for different people, they are going to be hyper critical of different evidences presented. People literally saw Jesus do miracles (pharissess) and didn't believe, and so did people after the ressurection ("When they saw him, they worshiped him; **but some doubted**." ). Point being miracles and evidences themselves are not actually decisively "determines" if we believe or not. From a theological perspective, that's something from the heart + spiritual blindness + spiritual forces at work + predestination/election if you are calvinist. From a more logical perspective, this is a historical event, if 100 people today said they saw Jesus levitating we would sincerely doubt unless we evaluate every aspect of their claim (did details line up, was testimony preserved well, is there a purpose in the event, etc... ). The resurrection is arguably the most scrutinized historical event in the whole world. It has been attacked and defended with more intensity than almost any other ancient event. I wouldn't be so quick to dismiss it as true or false in a few weeks when its been debated for over 2000 years. 

I mean for a TLDR my faith is logically -> There is a God (big bang, objective morality which is related to problem of evil, consciousness from non consciousness, life from non life, DNA being a code [ATGC], etc) -> Jesus is God (all the other religions are less plausible, Christianity is by far the most based on truth and events, prophecy, beautiful Gospel, grace based and not works based, immense social change and hiereachy, all the evidence for new testament historicity) 