## 🙏 Time With God

### Devos



### Prayer
*  **Gratitude:** *What am I thankful for today?
*   **Prayer For Others:** *Myself, Family, Friends, Work, Life Group



Lord let's go thorugh my feelings
nails are too long 

reading book of john
that was my last bibile study
and amy every single time i exhort
just chimes in 
its kind of rude and disrespectful 


we worship what we do know, for salvation is from the Jews. 23 Yet a time is coming and has now come when the true worshipers will worship the Father in the Spirit and in truth, for they are the kind of worshipers the Father seeks.
God am i worshipping in spirit and truth

wow chris really inspired me when he said the word is living and active
and can speak throught he holy spirit 


12 For the word of God is alive and active. Sharper than any double-edged sword, it penetrates even to dividing soul and spirit, joints and marrow; it judges the thoughts and attitudes of the heart.


even though im losing so much wealth to my mom
long term her house is worht more
and money is not everything in this world 


 36 Even now the one who reaps draws a wage and harvests a crop for eternal life, so that the sower and the reaper may be glad together. 37 Thus the saying ‘One sows and another reaps’ is true. 38 I sent you to reap what you have not worked for. Others have done the hard work, and you have reaped the benefits of their labor.”
 
you don't always get to see the results of your own hard work, and conversely, you often enjoy success that you didn't personally earn.
	Lol is BO a success I didn't earn 

 When this man heard that Jesus had arrived in Galilee from Judea, he went to him and begged him to come and heal his son, who was close to death.

One who was there had been an invalid for thirty-eight years. 6 When Jesus saw him lying there and learned that he had been in this condition for a long time, he asked him, “Do you want to get well?”
wow they are disabled 38 years 
and i'm complaning about 3M dollar house

what did we do to deserve that asset
nothing
yet GOd has blessed in that way
and made it difficult in other ways

God let me pray about these things not in my control
the whole life insurance
the baptisms
me outreachign to these poeple
me feeling socilaly awkward
God give m estrenght and courage


See, you are well again. Stop sinning or something worse may happen to you.”



4/13

Lord today is actually such a strange day

i'm suprised i haven't did devos since the 10th thats pretty bad
i'm kind of really itchy from hives
and shook karthiks hand from it 

martian movie was good
hanging with jake was good
breakfast is 8:30 tmr
i forgot to bring melatonin
i'm acutally praing that tmr goes well
since 1) i have to plan this demo thing about literally anything
and 2) my toenail is about to fall off



Boredom is dangerous because it forces us to confront the "wretchedness of our condition" and sit with ourselves
yeah i guess it's 11:05
on a tuesday night

and i left bowling early
and i wasn't even sad
for the past 30 mins
i've been just throwing a bowling ball
instead of talkign to kevin or karina or jake
and i didn't evne drink enough
for it to be signifigant to chat with them

Lord i'm so lonely in my wrteched condition
i have neck an dback pain
it's pretty bad

 In his defense Jesus said to them, “My Father is always at his work to this very day, and I too am working.”
GOd is still working evne though i'm lonely an dlustful
and my neck is in pain 


whatever you eat or do, do it for the glory of God
is me getting an extra 10k good for God 
i mean i think teh house is terrible for me
but that extra 10k coudl help a lot for my growht 


For the Father loves the Son and shows him all he does. Yes, and he will show him even greater works than these, so that you will be amazed. 21 For just as the Father raises the dead and gives them life, even so the Son gives life to whom he is pleased to give it.

Son gives life for those who he pleased to give it

"Lord, I am grateful for the $189k. It is more than enough. I am going to ask for $200k because it reflects the value of this new role. If they say yes, I will use the extra to bless others and honor You. If they say no, I will still work with all my heart as if working for You."
	i will try to bless others, but you knwo my mom is robbing me, so i really pray that you can heal us of the sin of her expesnes it's so bad
	i don't wnat to give her a single dollar more 
	cuz its just so bad and sinful 


Luke 10:7 tells us that "the laborer is worthy of his wages."

i mean it is to provide better for family
	but her HELOC and her life insurance is egregious

 the dead will hear the voice of the Son of God and those who hear will live.

those who have done what is good will rise to live, and those who have done what is evil will rise to be condemned. 30 By myself I can do nothing; I judge only as I hear, and my judgment is just, for I seek not to please myself but him who sent me.
God I pray that i seek to please you instead of my self
	help me remember that all I do is for your glory
	and i really want to do my best to honor you in this role and the increased expectations i have


You have never heard his voice nor seen his form, 38 nor does his word dwell in you, for you do not believe the one he sent. 39 You study the Scriptures diligently because you think that in them you have eternal life. These are the very Scriptures that testify about me, 40 yet you refuse to come to me to have life.


God’s timing is often different than the market’s timing.

At the end of the day
God controls all things
even me getting the bear
even when i neglect him at work

or even when i'm a bit greedy 



hen Jesus declared, “I am the bread of life. Whoever comes to me will never go hungry, and whoever believes in me will never be thirsty.

praying for ryan to repsond to me wiht good news

prayiing for mom to get her fodlers and stop complainign ot me

praying for life group for salvations

praying for Bo for genuine faith, and caleb for his tiem in seattle

praying for my new york friends to evnetually find GOd


LOrd i hope that you can genuinely just grow me so that i might imapct others for your kingdom

All those the Father gives me will come to me, and whoever comes to me I will never drive away.


 I shall lose none of all those he has given me, but raise them up at the last day.


my Father’s will is that everyone who looks to the Son and believes in him shall have eternal life


No one can come to me unless the Father who sent me draws them, and I will raise them up at the last day


Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and I will raise them up at the last day. 55 For my flesh is real food and my blood is real drink. 56 Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood remains in me, and I in them


The Spirit gives life; the flesh counts for nothing. The words I have spoken to you—they are full of the Spirit[[e](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%206&version=NIV#fen-NIV-26321e "See footnote e")] and life.

Blood represented the life of a creature, and it was considered sacred and "unclean" to consume. Suggesting they drink his blood sounded like a call to break their most fundamental religious laws.

the language Jesus used (the "gnawing/chewing" word mentioned earlier) was graphic.

**Trogo** literally means "to munch," "to gnaw," or "to chew."

He went on to say, “This is why I told you that no one can come to me unless the Father has enabled them.”

Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life. 69 We have come to believe and to know that you are the Holy One of God.”