## 🙏 Time With God

### Devos



### Prayer
*  **Gratitude:** *What am I thankful for today?
*   **Prayer For Others:** *Myself, Family, Friends, Work, Life Group



Need to invest more
Vincent and xander get a bit of prayre

i guess i don't know whta xander struggels with but maybe friends and being self centered in the sense that he got lsot and peopel didn't know where he went and also 
his humility in the sense of not wanting to play pickle or bowlign cuz he was bad lol 

idk its weird its a lot of fak ehumility

anyways if i start work at 9 i'm defintely churning out helal prs
kind of funny kevin just dind't work yesterday either 

FIKKKKK I could have spent saved $50 on my $300 flight aghhh
	its ok ai training should make it back soon lol 


Peter fled Herod miraculously
praying that lady didn't flake on me

2 peter lol 
Peter's ministry was mostly jews
60 AD
1st Chapter
Equipped by christ to lead the life God intended of them 
vibrant christian life 
5 For this very reason, make every effort to add to your faith goodness; and to goodness, knowledge; 6 and to knowledge, self-control; and to self-control, perseverance; and to perseverance, godliness; 7 and to godliness, mutual affection; and to mutual affection, love. 8 For if you possess these qualities in increasing measure, they will keep you from being ineffective and unproductive in your knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. 9 But whoever does not have them is nearsighted and blind, forgetting that they have been cleansed from their past sins.



2nd chapter influence of false teachers again
3rd chapters
	those who pervert the emsage are extreme judgement



Lord
I am so sick of these hives 
and it's so painful
and and i painted so much
and i'm tired
and i'm probably going ot paint more 
lord help me i'm tired emotionally and physically for real 



Plan with mom
MOney is not the main concern
	let's help you finish so you can pray there 
	i think it is improtant and neccessary to pray 

but after we're done with allt he furniture and stuff, you need to start paying me back 


concerned about josehph

王韋翔


When you submit the tip (either via `ice.gov/tipline` or calling 1-866-347-2423), give them every specific detail you have.
Tell them:
- Nick's full name, date of birth (if you know it), and nationality (Taiwan).
- The date, airline, and airport of his arrival (JFK).
- **The specific apps:** Explicitly state in the tip: _"They communicate and have documented their elopement/marriage plans on LINE, iMessage, and Instagram."_



"Mom, I need to tell you something because I love you and I need you to be clear-headed. Joseph made a serious comment about wanting to elope with Nick while he is staying here for 3 weeks in June. I don't know if he's actually going to do it or if he's just talking crazy. But this is your house. You have all of Sunday to pray about it and think, but you need to decide what boundaries you want to set before Nick gets on that plane.


- **If Nick gets turned away at JFK:** Then the door was closed. Joseph will blame the government, your mom's house is protected, and the 3-week crisis evaporates before it even starts.
    
- **If Nick gets through:** Then the door was opened. You accept that he is here, and you move to the backup plan of supporting your mother.




into an inheritance
that can never perish spoil or fade
	i'm fighting over earthly assets because i don't believe nick deserves a house in flushing

inheritance is kept in heaven 
for a little while you may have had to suffer grief in all kinds of trials
	yes right now it's absurd lol 

genuineness of faith 
	greater worth than gold
	 which perishes even though refined by fire 
		 may result in praise glory and honor when Jesus Christ is revealed


"The prophets... searched intently and with the greatest care, trying to find out the time and circumstances..

[But just as he who called you is holy, so be holy in all you do;](https://www.bibleref.com/1-Peter/1/1-Peter-1-15.html) [16for it is written: "Be holy, because I am holy."](https://www.bibleref.com/1-Peter/1/1-Peter-1-16.html)


[17Since you call on a Father who judges each person’s work impartially, live out your time as foreigners here in reverent fear.](https://www.bibleref.com/1-Peter/1/1-Peter-1-17.html)
	i am a foreginer on earth
	in reverent fear
	just trying to do my role 
	i need to humble myself and realize that the life God has given me right now is amazing
it's really relaly ow stress for pretty good pay
	and that's just the stage of career i'm in 



[22Now that you have purified yourselves by obeying the truth so that you have sincere love for each other, love one another deeply, from the heart.](https://www.bibleref.com/1-Peter/1/1-Peter-1-22.html)
	how do i show joseph this genuine love from a brother and not from a gay guy
	